eng	positive	" I cheer myself up when I'm down by listening to my playlist called, Genius: Ballads and Cellos. I love my iPod and my taste of music."
eng	positive	" just watched the movie Wanted... it was pretty darn good."
eng	positive	" now I'm happy "
eng	positive	"--plotting like i'm mike..'game plan:pass the ball to lebron AT ALL TIMES and DONT FOUL'..certainly we'll win  haha..go cavs goooo!"
eng	positive	"@ mcdonalds with my litto sis aka cuzin lol cristyyyyy "
eng	positive	"@ PBnJen : Thanks for the great tour and making me even more excited to work in PR!  You Rock and so does S"
eng	positive	"@_Chelsea_Marie does target ship things to london? thanks so much! im such a demi fan shes amazing! "
eng	positive	"@adeline_sky  that sounds fantastic! You're amazing! We need to watch some Muse gigs too! Shall we do it Saturday night?"
eng	positive	"@adrianogarcia Ok, tend to use a dongle, but nice to know I could, even nicer to know iPhones can't  "
eng	positive	"@agallerylondon Hi! Great to see your tweet follow. Thanks!  How's the weekends for you?"
eng	positive	"@Alex_Jeffreys Welcome back. Emailed you earlier this morning with some stuff. We'll speak real soon. What a time in Vegas we all had "
eng	positive	"@AlexAllTimeLow i have a house boat in seattle you could all get wasted on next time youre here...can hols 100 people "
eng	positive	"@AlexAllTimeLow Sydney Aquarium is the best place in the world  When youre done walk over the bridge and go to the mall (YYY)"
eng	positive	"@AlexAllTimeLow thankyou so much for taking photos with us and being so awesome. Enjoy sydney "
eng	positive	"@alix_says, it's just like school except there's even more homework and everyone's a lot nicer (normally) "
eng	positive	"@AllThingsFresh beautiful "
eng	positive	"@AmyEutsler connection's pretty good in Sydney today... Maybe you should come down for a visit??? "
eng	positive	"@AmyLee27 Hi Amy. I great. I took a vacation day today in order to attend a Executive Committee meeting tonight. Obama makes me so proud "
eng	positive	"@amysav83 i hve 2 leave 4 work :O i posted a youtube vid for you to watch. hope you like it. i may log on at work. have a great day "
eng	positive	"@Andipham  Sweet! it's really close to me..must be very nice! try posting on Craig'slist with images..should get some fast repsponse "
eng	positive	"@angiekaybee yep i saw him in february and i get to see @dfcook on may 8th. looking forward to seeing him again "
eng	positive	"@AnnaSaccone Love your new cards!   I would definitely hire you "4";"@supricky06 that was one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had on YouTube. Well done  http://bit.ly/1a7zPw"
eng	positive	"@arataka yay!  you found them!!!  "
eng	positive	"@ashleeadams doesn't make you look fat at all man. Good photo. "
eng	positive	"@ashleytisdale when are you coming to ireland? i'd love to see you in ireland  and yay for starbucks"
eng	positive	"@athena422 Right on...I saw 'Ryche in Vegas at the end of April and they were awesome as usual "
eng	positive	"@Audrey_O Girl, what are you contemplating. We ARE going to Vegas!  The concert? Well, that part is up in the air! haha"
eng	positive	"@BadBoyOfOpera We have here, that being Sussex in England! absolutely Loving it "
eng	positive	"@batistini21 lols you go for the cavs. orlando owned them today "
eng	positive	"@bbrannan I'm and good and glad you are too!   Don't you think we should get the new twitter, Oprah to share in twitter causes? "
eng	positive	"@BennyDavro Honey, you're not only on the 1st page, you're within about 100 votes of Obama. Rock that grass skirt, luv. "
eng	positive	"@beycah Good for you Becca, have a good sleep. "
eng	positive	"@billyraycyrus  heey, brazil loves you and miley "
eng	positive	"@bodycoach I'll look into that cho, I personally like strawberry but I'm going to become coach soon "
eng	positive	"@Bparker_Seattle I totally 4 got about Golden Girls that is a gr8 Show "
eng	positive	"@BradmanTV Thanks....it seemed the right moment. I love your show.  Your songs bring me joy."
eng	positive	"@BrandiPowers You too  follow a fellow @Lakers fan beautiful "
eng	positive	"@BrazillofBLAK cant wait 2 hear it "
eng	positive	"@BrazilTour you are very welcome! "
eng	positive	"@BrianViloria Not this year, Mr. LeBron James! Hahaha! "
eng	positive	"@brisvegasbetty thank you I'm glad you liked it "
eng	positive	"@CaterinaFalcone You are taking vacation??? OMG it's about time! I'm not going to miss you bc you're gonna bring me starbucks everyday! "
eng	positive	"@catharinamcfly think of London and you'll survive!  Can't believe that it's less then a year until I graduate! London Here I come! "
eng	positive	"@CCArquette ps. please try to see if you get Cougar Town to be broadcast internationally!!! im brazilian but such a great fan of yours! "
eng	positive	"@chanc Can't wait to see you in 4 sleeps and 3 days! "
eng	positive	"@chasepino I wish I was as cool as you.. "
eng	positive	"@CheapyD sweet, new episode of cagcast, thnx cheapy "
eng	positive	"@ChrisCavs What a beautiful day for a birthday!  Happy b-day Chris! "
eng	positive	"@chrisjohnski iPhone say Chirs is here http://bit.ly/kIpFw start stalking him LOL "
eng	positive	"@cobaltcow that's so true! Thnx man, that means an awful lot to me "
eng	positive	"@comeagainjen hey x] just wanted to say your awesome, and angilena or however your spell it has nothing on you "
eng	positive	"@Cowbelly Enjoy your time at Pike's Place Market today...it is a perfect Seattle day for the market and for a photo shoot "
eng	positive	"@Cronotriggers I'm very tempted to buy it on the PSN/PSP, in hopes Capcom will follow up with a RE2 release "
eng	positive	"@crystalchappell Good luck N ur meets. Idea to save GL - go on Oprah "
eng	positive	"@csquaredsmiles TWATLIGHT loool.. I know.. now they relate rain to it.. haha thats why i wanna move to england is always cold! "
eng	positive	"@daNanner Yeah, just finished #castle.  Was pretty good. "
eng	positive	"@danielkirkley Lead Me To The Cross is one of my favorites!! Great job, D!!! "
eng	positive	"@danlee29 I'm glad you were disappointed and the Lakers destroyed them. "
eng	positive	"@DanniAsheOnline Awwww she called me sexy  nice! you rock Danni! you just made my night gurl! muah! I'll give you props anytime! "
eng	positive	"@DanniAsheOnline I think that would work nicely gurl! go for it! I believe many, many people would sign up! "
eng	positive	"@Dannymcfly Hey Danny how are things  ? this your last night in brazill ? please writeback love karina xx"
eng	positive	"@Dannymcfly heyhey  and they love youuu! hahahaha! having a good time over in brazil then?"
eng	positive	"@danzelikman Here's to hoping you come home with a Las Vegas bailout. "
eng	positive	"@DaRealSunisaKim Thanks for the Twitter add, Sunisa! I got to meet you once at a HIN show here in the DC area and you were a sweetheart. "
eng	positive	"@DaveBos its okay ive done it once didnt but Wooo Stayed up longer then expected lol "
eng	positive	"@DaveMatthewsB New album is fantastic! See you in London, can't wait! "
eng	positive	"@daydreamer20 Good post. "
eng	positive	"@daygan Wow! This Ubuntu feature is really cool  ?? again! Got More??"
eng	positive	"@ddlovato  ohh myy goshh!! ,, are you the opening act for the jonas brothers at wembley in London on the 15th of june ?? xx "
eng	positive	"@ddlovato Demi I'll deff see you on Brazil (S�o Paulo) on the show "
eng	positive	"@ddlovato I HAVE A SURPRISE FOR YOU WHEN U COME TO LONDON  cnt wait to seeya ! "
eng	positive	"@ddlovato yesterday "
eng	positive	"@DebbieFletcher I saw them on Oprah the other day, they are really good! "
eng	positive	"@divabat Hahahaaaaa! I'd like to meet your Mum someday, and talk about Oprah with her, Her likes and Dislikes, and here her opinion on it "
eng	positive	"@DJTinaSapp Ha! I'll get it back to you as soon as possible! "
eng	positive	"@dmf71 rrrrrr you so very sweet a big hi to you!!!!!!! "
eng	positive	"@DONNASAWR Thank you Donna. "
eng	positive	"@DonnieWahlberg YOU give me joy....and you have for years. You are such an amazing man and we are all lucky to know you. "
eng	positive	"@dornx give me time and ill come with you sa london! haha. good luck with that! "
eng	positive	"@dpburland yes i think i might just do that hehe might watch sleepless in seattle my fave "
eng	positive	"@Dr_DinaSadik Awesome!  u'll definitely know some swear words then! haha"
eng	positive	"@DrMollieMarti Best of luck to you Dr and your new Rockstar sisters.  I know some women that are into MLM. I'll tell them about you. "
eng	positive	"@DrSecret Nice to meet you too buddy "
eng	positive	"@dsiegel99 now if i could get to san diego the same night i could celebrate it twice lol thanks "
eng	positive	"@DwightHoward great job Dwight! I pray you also win against the Cavs. "
eng	positive	"@egodbois  it's good to see you here as well on our facebook! Thanks for being a fan "
eng	positive	"@eliizabetty maybe we will meet there. i want to go and study in london/england too "
eng	positive	"@EP31 we have soccer, too~! The New England Revolution, aka the Revs!  TAYLOR TWELLMAN FTW"
eng	positive	"@feliciaday Hey can you tell me if we can use Xbox 360 to use Twitter as Tickers/popups? That would be Sweet! "
eng	positive	"@ferretfreakx4  I had so much fun tonight!    And I'm totally stealing all your pictures when you upload them.  hehehe"
eng	positive	"@FlipFlopsPearls YEAHH!!! Email me it!  I will ship out the blanket and a few lil extras "4";"@tiranw thats bc u love the CAVS  LOL *WINK WINK"
eng	positive	"@fourzoas Good night! "
eng	positive	"@FoxxFiles nah...The Cavs are done  Go Magic!"
eng	positive	"@GabrielRossi the only Tweet that could top this would be a DM from President Obama asking me to become the czar of youth empowerment "
eng	positive	"@garpu Great! I've actually always wanted to visit Seattle, so perhaps some day. "
eng	positive	"@GLEETV you guys should come to Seattle!!! It's a pretty big city "
eng	positive	"@googoodolls http://twitpic.com/56m0y - Really nice!  Grettings from Brazil =P i love goo goo dolls (L'"
eng	positive	"@guardiantech sounds great  can't wait for E3 and the WWDC. New iPhone and PSP Go, possible new Xbox (wishful thinking)"
eng	positive	"@guykawasaki congrats on 100,000 followers. Wow almost 4 times of what I have "
eng	positive	"@hannahpoulton good morning! you sound very chirpy "
eng	positive	"@harper I'm in the same boat as you.  Happily, there is a McDonalds close by so we can both enjoy a greasy breakfast."
eng	positive	"@hertbeat it is still only 1st coffee of the day for me ! Happy Tuesday, off to see Jeff Dunham and Achmed the dead terrorist tonight ! "
eng	positive	"@hitwithafish very nice pics! Such a cute family! "
eng	positive	"@HollywoodHansM lol like how gud kobe iz!! lol and its gunn be the lakers "
eng	positive	"@Honey3223 Lurkers now that was interesting "
eng	positive	"@hotglassblower Oprah would have touched your feminine side today and since you luv her som much I even DVR'd it "
eng	positive	"@iamdiddy your telling me.. just finished doing 200 crunches!  step it up Diddy ! LETS GO!"
eng	positive	"@iamjonathancook Good morning Jonathan  its 1:51am in Sydney having midnight snacks...stupid time difference,u couldve joined me!haha xx"
eng	positive	"@ijustine the gym is an awesome place! work it out "
eng	positive	"@ILUVNKOTB he wants u to follow who he follows on twitter. some very nice organizations "
eng	positive	"@imagejennation @whitrt we found a great Chinese place to hang out at "
eng	positive	"@IndieArtDesign well you will be excited to know, Kevin will be the new featured artist for our next Sydney flyer "
eng	positive	"@IntriguingDs Ahh...I love your music. Missed you in Seattle. "
eng	positive	"@ivegotnerve Yes, I am in love with someone who lives in England. But I was able to see him last May, 3rd "
eng	positive	"@JamesDeen you are my own personal Jeepers "
eng	positive	"@jaredleto come to england and play an eco friendly gig.would love that "
eng	positive	"@jaspreetgill http://twitpic.com/6ubr9 - woooho! they get better and better! I'm watching ur videos on YouTube right now  haha, as I'v ..."
eng	positive	"@JBsFanArgentina Hey I luv this pic!!! was amazing of the last CHAT of The JB in FACEBOOK! "
eng	positive	"@jcutaia day 3 of mcdonalds breakfast "
eng	positive	"@Jeff_Sparxxx well in that case, you know what i mean hahaha. i love a good __________. (fill in the blank with the role of your choice.) "
eng	positive	"@JenniferRosex3 I know!  I love the song hello seattle"
eng	positive	"@jenocidal I think my iPhone was thinking the same thing because the next song was cake, I will survive.   thank you."
eng	positive	"@Jeremeyxvx you know you broke edge in vegas  happy 8th year brahhh"
eng	positive	"@JonasAustralia for sure!! Except the new moon bit.  IMAGINE @JONASBROTHERS LIVE in AUSTRALIA  OMJ "
eng	positive	"@JonasAustralia i voted like ten times "
eng	positive	"@JonasAustralia This Friday as in 5th June Friday?! Argh. OMG. Which website?! Im so excited! "
eng	positive	"@JonasBrothers I LOVE YOU MR PRESIDENT"
eng	positive	"@Jonasbrothers Nice skillz Nick  x love always, Marjorie "
eng	positive	"@jonasnessica heyy sweets!! I started reading your fanfic! It's awesome so far  ignre what I wrote on YouTube "4";"doesn't want to sleep  just won a free ipod case woot! WWDC Contest. btw there is a new girl at work...very nice!!!"
eng	positive	"@JonathanRKnight Hi Jon! Great to hear from you! See you on the cruise, I cannot wait! Hope all is well on the Knight bus!  You are loved!"
eng	positive	"@JonathanRKnight i'd share my latte with you. just got back from a starbucks run myself "
eng	positive	"@kailaengland I like a girl who has style too. Cocktail dress "
eng	positive	"@katayy what do you think of Kelly clarkson? her new album has been pumping through my MP3 player for weeks now "
eng	positive	"@kayotae Just had a martini myself. "
eng	positive	"@kennyseattle1  Hi Kenny !! Welcome to twitterville and get ready to waste tons of hours having fun on here. See u live at 5am on Q13 FOX "
eng	positive	"@keyannaaa the new story of your life will include magic fountain with me "
eng	positive	"@kmacable...you're sweet...yea I'm ok! "
eng	positive	"@KVAY2K  Hope you  are having a wonderful night.   I will be up again all night.  Sent you a message on YOUTUBE.  "
eng	positive	"@Lakers ready to win tonight!!! "
eng	positive	"@lakersnation its not really my style, but thats a really well done wallpaper, thanks  for making it. keep up the good work "
eng	positive	"@lancearmstrong http://twitpic.com/6vb49 - wow lance great pic brother! you my idol! my mom just beat breast cancer! "
eng	positive	"@LanceGross lakers all day everyday!!!!! "
eng	positive	"@Larissa_Ione I LOVED Taming the Fire! I emailed sydney croft with all the reasons why "
eng	positive	"@laurieann444 I am so happy to hear they played Follow My Way.  They were practicing b4 show in Seattle.  Excellent!!!! More 4 U 2Nite!!! "
eng	positive	"@LBheart_Jessica Yes... I'm going to Kenya in August for 10 days w/ Tumaini International, loving on cute AIDS orphans. SO excited! "
eng	positive	"@Lee_Knight lmao! thanks Lee XD, would u like to join in our craziness as well lolol  ROFL come "
eng	positive	"@lhawthorn What a coincidence! I was just stalking your Twitter feed and the GSoC news. "4";"@ColinCancer HAHA  very funny! So what or who encouraged you to create a Twitter?"
eng	positive	"@lightinthesky wow. enjoy! "
eng	positive	"@lilyroseallen i was at your sydney concert on wednesday. used my fake id to get drunk, and hooked up with a hot english boy.woo! thanks "
eng	positive	"@LisaNoelRuocco oh and i like your new hair too. i think it really suits you. "
eng	positive	"@LittleFletcher Hi Carrie! How are you? Girl, Brazil love you! Come visit here! Have a nice day!  xx"
eng	positive	"@llmatticusll yuuuup! 9 miles  it's for cancer! for a good deed!"
eng	positive	"@LOlakers7 AWESOME GAME TODAY "
eng	positive	"@londonbridget13 ill always have your back!! "
eng	positive	"@Lovely_London Pretty good. How about you? "
eng	positive	"@LovelyCharles Get an iPhone. "
eng	positive	"@luvsJonasandVFC YUP! I'm seeing them in August! woot woot!  my first concert was with Corbin Bleu, Drake Bell, and Aly" 
eng	positive	"@m3L1nd4 not in youtube,, but in dvd.. about the story it's mix between meteor garden and hana yori dango.. you must watch it.. "
eng	positive	"@MacNH  the boy needs to get his ass back to New England where he's properly appreciated "
eng	positive	"@malave585  And you said we were through back during the Celtics! haha.    Hopefully you guys will get LeBron. Bring some excitement to NY"
eng	positive	"@mandyblake  I was just about to X out of here for the night and saw your post, I started laughing!  You are funny!!  "
eng	positive	"@mari_chiquitita nice pics from last years festival. How about we plan to meet there next year! "
eng	positive	"@markhoppus  hey mark!!  so glad to see you guys all back together   seen youse when you played newcastle arena , england, great show!! "
eng	positive	"@maryaflower McDonalds coffee beat starbucks by a mile in a blind taste test "
eng	positive	"@McChelsea get a glass of wine, a nice book, and just chillax out there.  oh wait, it's seattle, i'll probably rain. hah "
eng	positive	"@mdietrich that`s why you should go for holiday as soon ! (whithout iPhone "
eng	positive	"@meowmixfever we should go to the grocery store and buy a large box of them  that'd make my life complete haha _Myana"
eng	positive	"@Michael_Cera starbucks is the best. i work there, i should know  what're you getting there?"
eng	positive	"@MichaelNi Trader Joe's is one of my favorite things about Seattle. "
eng	positive	"@michellebranch The month of June is also officially LGBT Pride month, declared by Obama! Celebrate "
eng	positive	"@mileycyrus BRAZIL LOVES U SO MUCH!! YOU ARE AWESOME, MILEY! COME TO BRAZIL.. WE CAN'T FOR THIS DAY COME "
eng	positive	"@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7e01t - ahh..i´ve got the same ipode ..which song so you listen?love ya "
eng	positive	"@mileycyrus i think u should come to south america  all your argentinians and brazilians fans are going crazy hahaha! please reply "
eng	positive	"@mileycyrus i voted for you! i hope u win!!!! and Taylor Swift too!!! "
eng	positive	"@mileycyrus Miley takes a tranquilizer for sleep which is very good, I take the time      #mileybrazil"
eng	positive	"@MissSydneyJ Im good, lol... I feel awake "
eng	positive	"@mistadee - I've got Tweetie for the iPod Touch - recommended "
eng	positive	"@mitchelmusso I love your new hair  You have to come to england sometime!"
eng	positive	"@mollieandjackie Love and Theft is AMAZING! They opened for Taylor Swift back last year!!! Miss ya'll!!! "
eng	positive	"@Mpits its super easy lol I wish everyone would jump on the bandwagon "
eng	positive	"@Mr_LasVegas Breakfast menu runs 24/7 in Vegas  ...I remember having breakfast at 1pm after a big night..."
eng	positive	"@ms_elli i could make it perfect for you. Come to Starbucks in England!! "
eng	positive	"@Msdebramaye I heard about that contest! Congrats girl!! "
eng	positive	"@mydesire I saw that earlier on Darker Sights/Sounds. I subscribe to that blog in my google reader.  Yummmminesssssss."
eng	positive	"@NaiveLondonGirl good for you girl! recommend papers, tea and toast as well... "
eng	positive	"@NasaCaligeek I think even the coolest ppl have a geek inside waiting patiently to get out... "
eng	positive	"@nick_carter Don't forget my dear, you'll always be in my mind and my heart ok?  BIG kiss and special affection from me (Brazil)! I ? u!"
eng	positive	"@nickjonas Are You Gunna Go Shopping? =D London Rocks For Shopping  x"
eng	positive	"@nicolerichie only one of the best sappy love stories ever "
eng	positive	"@nicolerichie that was my favorite show/series when i was little! "
eng	positive	"@nicolerichie YES! lol...when you live in canada, anne part of your childhood. I grew up with all the books and tv series "
eng	positive	"@nikhilnarayanan saw the tvc yesterday.. worked for me "
eng	positive	"@NILANTI atleast ur not the only 1 up. Watch the lakers kick ass again "
eng	positive	"@noahbeaar Hi Noah! Omgsh I Think Your So Cute, You Look Like Miley  Awwww! How Are Youu? Im 14 "
eng	positive	"@NostraSeamus If Obama took a stand, it would give the Ahmedinejad supporters more to fight against.  We're too famous for this party "
eng	positive	"@NYFab Happy graduations!  Say hi to Obama for us!!  (he's a bowler)"
eng	positive	"@obama_binladen  sure tell me about the project that you received funding for! thats great news "
eng	positive	"@Ocartti hey!!  yay! tweet tweet! hah. oh n if I want to follow oprah I can!! she asked me too! "
eng	positive	"@officialmiranda Thats good! I'm from brazil n i love ICarly  Did you follow your fans too?"
eng	positive	"@OldmanHo lol yeah, this time pretty much the whole thing  so close again, but looks like Cavs are being totally outplayed by Magic!"
eng	positive	"@omgimlondon get me one of those coffe cakes from starbucks while u there "
eng	positive	"@Oprah ...now I am curious to watch it.  And will, tomorrow Sunday if I can. Thanks!   "
eng	positive	"@Oprah Good nite Oprah, good show today "
eng	positive	"@Oprah I can't WAIT to see that movie! "
eng	positive	"@Oprah np gurl! that was a great show! "
eng	positive	"@Oprah Phylicia Rashad is my idol...I dream of meeting her.  I love you too Oprah... "
eng	positive	"@Oprah Sweet Dreams O. You did good with your "
eng	positive	"@Oprah We are so happy to have you back in the Tarheel State, even if you are in Blue Devil country "
eng	positive	"@oprah welcome to twitter! "
eng	positive	"@oprah, nite! that's a really cute pup by the way. "
eng	positive	"@patriciaco HAHA. Sometimes I like fantasizing that I'm Taylor Swift. I'm a psycho like that. "
eng	positive	"@pcdnicole Hi Nicole, glad you loved Sydney! Was amazing working with you the other night at 301! Looking forward to you coming back "
eng	positive	"@petrobrasbrazil i have a new follower which i like @petrobrasbrazil please take care of nature "
eng	positive	"@phyonetizen Thanks for adding me on Facebook, Phyo "
eng	positive	"@pocketfulofme hahaha i so should of! but my nails were wet. hehe.but he was helpful  he flipped the magazine pages for me "
eng	positive	"@psproduction omg they r having a daddy n me princess ball out here in staten island 4 fathers' day!!! N katie n u popped into my head! "
eng	positive	"@purrplexa And its a wonderful thing!  I'm all in favor of using the entire English language (shit, I use #expletives too, I think) "
eng	positive	"@r_keith_hill Thans for your response. Ihad already find this answer "
eng	positive	"@rachhiiee_ jenny knows i love er. "
eng	positive	"@rashmid congratulations!! tht makes a lot of us very very happy. "
eng	positive	"@ravensymone hayy! big fan love your music and your show !! "
eng	positive	"@realjohngreen Yeah, Dutch people are up as well "0";"I wanna be in a punk rock band again "
eng	positive	"@rhonda_brown thanks for the tip on Sam's Club! "
eng	positive	"@RobKardashian Rob, Your my fav Kardashian, Please say Hi to me "
eng	positive	"@RoundSparrow Awesome - hope it was great! I am about 2 hours away from seeing it at the Sydney (now second world viewing) premiere "
eng	positive	"@SashaBaby22 haha! Ps, nah but for the west to win? Oh well. Me n my baby daddy Lebron gonn cuddle "
eng	positive	"@scrambledeggos Seattle is very nice. So green it reminds me of Germany "
eng	positive	"@sdownes1972 thx Stu will do! "
eng	positive	"@seanmurphymusic I'am in love with Taylor Swift's "
eng	positive	"@seattlemommy you rock!!  i need to get motivated to run a race... "
eng	positive	"@SeattleWillow Have a nice time work! "
eng	positive	"@secretfanofu big news Andrew: I'm moving up to SF at the end of the month! So making the most of my last month in LA. "
eng	positive	"@seodubai Go #Lakers go!  Good morning!"
eng	positive	"@shannamichelle @levifig YES - We all want to see all the pics!  I see a facebook album in the future! "
eng	positive	"@Shantymanfan I got your package! Wow, I'm so excited! My very own one! So, do I plant it in a pot for now, and water it till it grows? "
eng	positive	"@ShawnORourke lol tru dat! thanks bro! "
eng	positive	"@shaycarl I'm watching your videos in youtube  you are so funny!! )"
eng	positive	"@SilMuri yeah that'd be awesome... You're gonna be the new Oprah! Freakin' yeah  *ninja-rolls over to Sil to eat chocolate*"
eng	positive	"@SkinFaceMcGee You're description of this Sat. morning was perfection...thanks.  Seattle is following suite."
eng	positive	"@socalgurl83 LOL nice, thanks for translating "
eng	positive	"@Soraspsp  now that summer is here you can come and hang out with aunt beth more often  "
eng	positive	"@special72 Thanks, Special 72!  "
eng	positive	"@spicebugsmom A few more for you to follow: @aims7 @alirushton @dillyh @Oprah @timescolonist @JohnCleese ...Welcome to Twitter mums "
eng	positive	"@StarChile.....ahhh.....alright. Thanks. Congrat's on your team's win today "
eng	positive	"@stasia19 i got work at 8:30 so i'm going to bed now. i shall ttyl, have fun doing your project  STARBUCKS DATE SOON ?"
eng	positive	"@stevonelson  I like that one. I've used it on a project here."
eng	positive	"@stretcharmy Dim Mak was sick! ripped it apart! Vegas was cool n fun, SF was dope, people went nuts! LA friday was fire !  yeah was good!"
eng	positive	"@suitelifeofkell that's freakin' cooool   i love twitter .haha"
eng	positive	"@suitelifeofkell yayyy! lol. i just requested herrr. what did she say? "
eng	positive	"@SwitchItNow ahhh shiner Bock in Austin YES! thanks for the Twitter @reply so I can relive too "
eng	positive	"@sydney_sider yes thanks I think they're amazing too! the images were taken by @insidecuisine photographer the very talented @rovingrob "
eng	positive	"@sydneymckinley im not gonna lie, i absolutely LOVED JONAS. hahahaha, those boys can do no wrong "
eng	positive	"@tashlee Oh, and good to hear from you again!  i'm taking some students to Sydney, you should join us for lunch/dinner if you can."
eng	positive	"@taylorswift13 It's National Listen To Taylor Swift Day "
eng	positive	"@taylorswift13 Taylor Swift I think you're so pretty it makes my heart melt everytime I see your face. "
eng	positive	"@taylorswift13 you're soooo talented and I wish I could go to one of your concerts! Ily miss taylor swift! "
eng	positive	"@TayStarr awww thats my job, im like mcdonalds girl, i love to see you smile "
eng	positive	"@TDLQ Well it was just so so close the whole time! But at least they pulled it out! WOOT LAKERS! "
eng	positive	"@teleken It's a feat of USB engineering! Makes every day a party.  "
eng	positive	"@the_real_shaq you TOTALLY own3d @oprah! Congrats!  http://digg.com/d1p1zg"
eng	positive	"@thedebbyryan debby *-* hi, i'm carol from brazil, and i love you so much *-* please reply me "
eng	positive	"@ThePartyScene  "
eng	positive	"@theragingocean BonJour Spacecowboy,I wish I was either of it .I work with Kids, can go out whenever I want and go wherever I want to "
eng	positive	"@tommcfly I are welcome always, Brazil is your house now "
eng	positive	"@tommcfly thought you'd think this is cool. my cousin is going to personally meet the head of NASA to discuss future projects. Cool, huh? "
eng	positive	"@tommcfly will you watch Green Day on UK this year? can't wait to see them in Brazil... Billie is trying to learn some portuguese! "
eng	positive	"@Triciepop Yall goin to Vegas? Make sure yall hit me up so we can drink till we drown Lol. "
eng	positive	"@triplejHack true off to the #startrekmovie world premiere soonish. enjoy talking about supa-fast interwebs with conroy "
eng	positive	"@tru_artiste my dude ima have the pics up soon  prolly facebook"
eng	positive	"@TrueGabe yep to the wine, and feijoa sorbet, muffins, chutney etc... we have a large tree  always open to suggestions tho "
eng	positive	"@TunerKid Hey, hey, hey, hey!  I'm ur 28th follower. @oprah sent me. "0";"pray for me please, the ex is threatening to start sh** at my/our babies 1st Birthday party. what a jerk. and I still have a headache "
eng	positive	"@tweetshrink Hah, yea, I suppose "4";"@David_Henrie haha i WISH i coudl meet you.. you should stop by seattle some time  home of the STARBUKS "4";"Ok bed time. I wish I didn't have an exam on thursday otherwise I would just go around harassing people to vote! lol. Night guys! "
eng	positive	"@twinsmvb i will be rooting for twins in seattle this weekend! shhh, don't tell my mariners friends "
eng	positive	"@VampireBill  Goodnight and take care "
eng	positive	"@VegasRex Slater's wife got him with a bottle pretty well. Nice visit to UMC "
eng	positive	"@veldagraydon I looked for @Oprah too after she mentioned that she tweeted on twitter and found her too.  Have a glorious day. "
eng	positive	"@wale I'm gonna havta temp stop fllwing u while ur talkin abt kobe bc I loveeeeeeee him "
eng	positive	"@warp I love that Aussie cattle dog story "
eng	positive	"@WCEllis  I feeling MUCH better about the Lakers' situation now. Thank you for asking "
eng	positive	"@wendy_bowser Thank you for the kind words!  I appreciate it.  Have a great night "
eng	positive	"@wmmarc great interview! Glad to see it "
eng	positive	"@Wossy Oh, that is so close to being a dream lineup for me. Will watch it if/when it finally shows in Msia. If not, youtube! "
eng	positive	"@youngcj86 I was basically just saying, that Kobe's competition will be LeBron eventually. I'm not Anti-Kobe, I'm just Pro-LeBron "
eng	positive	"@YourWebChick Starbucks? What's your favorite drink? I gotta tell you... I'm more of a Dunkin Donuts man. "
eng	positive	"@zinedistro Your welcome. Looking forward to the event!!  Not long until May 1 now...."
eng	positive	"@zoecello Love the "
eng	positive	"*ahem* I think @LiZAmtl @sabrina215 @Etown_Jenn "
eng	positive	"#Iremember when the Lakers won title #15 about 4 1/2 hours ago  #golakers"
eng	positive	"#xboxe3 Gameplay looks awesome, just as always from Bungie! "
eng	positive	"1 vs 100 on Xbox Live was fun "
eng	positive	"100 followers - that is exciting "
eng	positive	"aaaaahhhh.... finally done. next stop zippy's. "
eng	positive	"About to head to Sydney. Drinks, friends, ink, Amity Affliction, Getaway Plan and Elora Danan! Fun times await!  "
eng	positive	"Adding some music on my Ipod "
eng	positive	"ahhhh time to feed the tribe lol chicken casserole with veg yummo "
eng	positive	"All rockstars are back home: while 'some of us' freshen up, 'others' watch Magic/Lakers game, then we'll celebrate Sweden Rock in Florida "
eng	positive	"also, SOOOOO excited to see Taylor Swift, in Omaha, August 9th!! "
eng	positive	"Amazing night in Dallas with my Advanced TV Production class  Happy Birhtday, Sam!!"
eng	positive	"and now off to bed after an amazing night chatting with a pretty amazing guy  ( you know who you are)"
eng	positive	"And the west was won! Yeah lakers! "
eng	positive	"Another good day  nitey nite everyone! First day of school tomorrow!!! Ahh I'm kinda nervous yet excited...til tomorrow!"
eng	positive	"another gorgeous day. ah see england isnt always that bad..... "
eng	positive	"Anyone else love the fact that they #Lakers are not even playing tonight but #Kobe is #5 on trending topics! "
eng	positive	"As a birthday gift i took my sis to Starbucks for the first time...shes gives it two thumbs up "
eng	positive	"As I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord our souls he keeps! And that Lebron comes to the ny Knicks!!!  let's WAKE UP!! (via @iamdiddy)"
eng	positive	"Ashton is going to be Oprah!  All hail the Twitter King! LOL!"
eng	positive	"At Starbucks, waiting for some fwends  Rainy day, hot choco and jazz. Just perfect!"
eng	positive	"At work...only 2 more days to go and then i am off for 7 more days  yay!!!"
eng	positive	"aww, I love the dutch.  i'm probably going today to protest Mcdonalds or KFC for @peta2 "
eng	positive	"Back from school. NO MORE SCHOOL FOR TWO WEEKS :)"
eng	positive	"back in seattle. woot woot. Drinkin in Bellevue. I see seattle has warm weather now. Thanks for keeping the heat on while we were gone. "
eng	positive	"Back in Sydney. *Hugs*, Everyone "
eng	positive	"being sexy and really happy "
eng	positive	"Best "
eng	positive	"Blackberry Bold and Kingston 8gb microsd card en route "
eng	positive	"bookin a hotel in sydney this week for july 10  hehe YESS"
eng	positive	"brand new 8GB ipod touch for sale! at reduced price of course. "
eng	positive	"BTW, husband watched Obama "
eng	positive	"By the way... I never imagined that I'd have 111 followers. Thank you all, even the robots "
eng	positive	"byebye lebron.. maybe next year "
eng	positive	"can't wait for the lakers to lose "
eng	positive	"can't wait for vegas "
eng	positive	"Can't wait to see stuff on LittleBigPlanet Portable for PSP. "
eng	positive	"cant wait for the lakers game 2nite "
eng	positive	"cant wait till 3am, mcdonalds breakfast "
eng	positive	"Cavs watch party at the Q tonight again "
eng	positive	"Celebrating Phil being one year cancer free! "
eng	positive	"Chrisette Michelle just came on the ipod . she's so mellow "
eng	positive	"Cookin dinner for the family and luvin it  sendin luv to my hubbie,tw,luvladyt,tenise,nasa"
eng	positive	"Dallas vegas goodness  http://twitpic.com/3lzt1 On my way to to the SusCon "
eng	positive	"Dang. Heroes and The Hills amazed me tonight!  off to do more studying!"
eng	positive	"day 2 is almost over!  i can't wait to eat wade...hehe..."
eng	positive	"Diddy has courtside seats at the game...he will see up close and personal the whupping Magic is going to put on the Lakers!! "
eng	positive	"Does anyone else really really LOVE the Lakers? "
eng	positive	"Doing Beat the Bridge race in Seattle this morning! Should b beautiful "
eng	positive	"done with all preparation... starting revision now..  i have my signals ans systems exam today .. wish me luck people.... "
eng	positive	"Eatin nachos watchin the game.!  all i gOtta say is LebrOn is a Beast. ! dO anybOdy feel me.? "
eng	positive	"eating mcdonalds and watching b work out!  yum! I need to start working out. flabs do not look good on the beach! lols"
eng	positive	"England have won the rugby they played like a well oiled machine "
eng	positive	"England lost to the Netherlands in the cricket!!! hahahahahahahaha that's pure gold "
eng	positive	"England trip update: just saw stonehenge and now heading to london! "
eng	positive	"England winning by 2 goals to nil right now "
eng	positive	"Enjoying a nice cup of tea and watching Norway's winning song on youtube "
eng	positive	"even though i should be in bed im watching videos on youtube   i love watching the final dance in step up 2..... http://tinyurl.com/mg8ppc"
eng	positive	"Finally almost home "
eng	positive	"Fine-tuning part of a song Maddy and I r making.  Sounding good. I feel pro. Not. Hahaha"
eng	positive	"Finished the Moonwalk at 7hr45mins, and will have raised 1,000GBP for breast cancer.  A great night. To contribute:  http://bit.ly/6JW9f"
eng	positive	"First day of shows is done  and looking forward to Lakers v Magic finals "
eng	positive	"FOLLOW -"
eng	positive	"follow @skate4cancer ! you know you all want to "
eng	positive	"Fox and Hound for the Cavs game....RISE UP!!!! "
eng	positive	"FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone "
eng	positive	"Getting my hair cut while texting with my brother and getting updates about Iran  "
eng	positive	"give me good songs for my ipod please "
eng	positive	"Going On The London Eye Today  Wooooo Going To Take Lots Of Pictures So Add Me On Facebook To See Them When I Tweet That I'm Back Okay. "
eng	positive	"Going to Brians graduation. Wearing Taylor Swift's designed dress. "
eng	positive	"going to pick up @30comau in a sec its our anniversary today "
eng	positive	"Going to Seattle again!  #boarding SFO to SEA -  http://v.cristdr.com/3MK"
eng	positive	"going to see "
eng	positive	"Going to take a week long trip to seattle by myself soon "
eng	positive	"going to the sunshine coast on Thursday  should be pretty awesome, i can update my tan "
eng	positive	"Good luck for Lauren and the rest of the cast of TBS, can't wait for something to leak "
eng	positive	"Good morning everyone!  It is such a beautiful day here in New England!  "
eng	positive	"GOOD MORNING MY LADYS and Jon lol! "
eng	positive	"Good morning to all followers. I wish you a nice Tuesday and good luck with your business. | Allen Verfolgern einen sonnigen Dienstag.  "
eng	positive	"Good night and good day twitters! "
eng	positive	"Goodmorning cali  hi to my vegas family "
eng	positive	"gosh, i love taylor swift  in the least creepiest way, well"4";"@jtripodi hi! You're awsome! K? Bye "
eng	positive	"got a great first verse and chorus goin' i love this song "
eng	positive	"Got me a spangly new PSP-3000 today, in Mystic Silver, with a copy of Resistance Retribution. Happy bunny! "
eng	positive	"Gran Turismo on PSP! FF13 to be on PC! What more can I ask for?! Gran Turismo 5 on PC perhaps? "
eng	positive	"Great day in London, lovely to see all! "
eng	positive	"great song  @Sharpatoulas: "
eng	positive	"Great stuff this wk: my bike ride in the wild on Sun."4";"With brian liz sam ryan john and cooper going to starbucks "
eng	positive	"great time at @starbucks with @algarcia3505 "
eng	positive	"great weekend w/family "
eng	positive	"Guess who has a new job?! Oh yeah...i do! And i'm going to be working with @lebron1004! Yay!! "
eng	positive	"GuiPulp is open "
eng	positive	"ha im soo obsessed with taylor swift's album  she just soo talented "
eng	positive	"Hacked my PSP with ChickHEN, now it's running 5.00-M33 "
eng	positive	"had a great ending to a great day!  Being brave pays off.  Thank you Jesus-seriously.  Now off to watch the Hills and then bed!"
eng	positive	"Had a great lunch with one of my "
eng	positive	"Had a great night..really enjoying life  "
eng	positive	"had a nice lunch at McDonalds  so sleepy now"
eng	positive	"Had a piece of fried chicken, some PSP luv and now off to bed. "
eng	positive	"Had my first Iced Carmel Macchiato from Starbucks this year today!! Then got to enjoy the sun and have class outside in the garden! "
eng	positive	"had the bestest day in london with dominic "
eng	positive	"Had to happen, @Oprah is on twitter, and only after 24 hours, she's got 260,371 followers and counting...  You go girlfriend!"
eng	positive	"haha realized today my dad says "
eng	positive	"HAHAHA! The LeBron/Kobe commercials are cheering me up "
eng	positive	"HAHAHAHAHAHA seriously uh well we can wait 4 michelle 2 get here and we can go get something from mcdonalds  or sonic  either 1 its good"
eng	positive	"hanging out with biology til 4am woo  !"
eng	positive	"hanging out with Emily. I love her. She's wonderful. "
eng	positive	"Happy birthday sydney elizabeth mitchin "
eng	positive	"Happy birthday to my little sis abi!!! Celebrating with my family  sister is now nine! so crazy got her a taylor swift poster "
eng	positive	"Happy Morning, la toat? lumea!  "
eng	positive	"Heading to @Starbucks with Keri for a Vanilla Non-Fat Latte and Coffee Cake... YUM "
eng	positive	"Hey @daughter_4oprah! tomorrow is your mom's birthday right? tell her happy bday for me!!  tnx! is she going to be on oprah??"
eng	positive	"hey guess was @magicmanil the Lakers won and KOBE is mvp  just thought I would tell ya haha"
eng	positive	"hey!  there's a sci-fi festival in London this week!  http://www.sci-fi-london.com/   http://bit.ly/sfqtb"
eng	positive	"hi Dianna ...this is so cool ... i just recently started twittering "
eng	positive	"Home just in time for Chelsea Lately "
eng	positive	"Home sweet home after a long day in D.C. with Bennett, I had so much fun! I saw the original Obama "
eng	positive	"http://bit.ly/16BoLQ  FTSK's version of Taylor Swift's LOVE STORY )) love it! I love them both! "
eng	positive	"http://twitpic.com/5c9gs - A picture of Taylor Swift. I really like this picture. I have an exact one on my walls of my room! "
eng	positive	"http://twitpic.com/5oll7 - We are on board....The Mini stored with the other Minis.... England here we come! "
eng	positive	"http://twitpic.com/6r413 - On the way to Vegas "
eng	positive	"hung out by Notre Dame today hoping  for a glimpse of Obama...and I got it!   the energy was amazing!"
eng	positive	"I *want* a PSP Go. BBC says it will be at the E3 expo.. can't wait "
eng	positive	"I am heckling some LeBron fans at the sportsbook.  Oh how sweet "
eng	positive	"i am working on my media room design and i love love love my client profile "
eng	positive	"i can't wait for the release of Monster Hunter Freedom Unite!  and also awaiting little big planet and pixel junk monsters on the psp."
eng	positive	"i cant get over Taylor swift songs, repeated day and long. She's so awesome! "
eng	positive	"i drew a cute baby zebra i think he is my favorite so far "
eng	positive	"i enjoyed shopping with my mam  i really cant wait till london "
eng	positive	"I got back from Brazil last week, and everyone there is good. Here we are in full force preparing for the arrival of our boy "
eng	positive	"I have a BIG pool tournament today. If we win, we go to Vegas. Everybody send good vibes my way, please! "
eng	positive	"I have a great fun day with my best friend!! Watch pride and prejudice, eat mcdonalds and taking funny videos "
eng	positive	"i just woke up and im ready to eat my McDonalds "
eng	positive	"I know am the owner of the ultimate iPod thanks to @grantcrusor... My music collection is quite serious. That is all. Good night folks "
eng	positive	"i look forward to seeing mr. mcdonalds on monday "
eng	positive	"I LOVE @Health4UandPets u guys r the best!! "
eng	positive	"i love miley cyrus and taylor swift...theyre music always makes me feel better "
eng	positive	"i love my grandma "
eng	positive	"I love my new tiny cute little iPod! Thank you @Santino_gq! Xoxoxox!!! "
eng	positive	"I loved today "
eng	positive	"i think all musicians should release instrumental versions of their previous albums, like taylor swift did. i love instrumental versions! "
eng	positive	"i think it's awesome that @mishacollins has more votes than @oprah on the tweeterwall. keep up the work! "
eng	positive	"I want to go straight to South of Brazil,, I heard that the average temperature is 5º Celsius...  "
eng	positive	"I want to meet Kevin Jonas in person. and Coco Martin. and Taylor Swift. "
eng	positive	"I was watching Pride and Prejudice, one of the  best movies ever, I love this movie! and the book too "
eng	positive	"I wonder what jon thinks when he see's all his tweets, i picture him and jordan busting a nut laughing at us.  oh yeah.. jordan..."
eng	positive	"I'm getting stuff ready for my super awesome day at Sydney and meeting with John Green.  SOO EXCITED!!"
eng	positive	"I'm going to prepare a tea... and then, try to have a nice conversation with a lovely person from England "
eng	positive	"I'm looking some videos of McFly in Brazil, always awsome "
eng	positive	"i'm really happy. i get to see taylor swift and i got my TOMS shoes today "
eng	positive	"I'm so Taylor Swift and Katy Perry. Love them. "
eng	positive	"i'm thinking i'm blessed that ive a cmputr "
eng	positive	"I've got a new toy and have joined iphonedom  I love it!"
eng	positive	"im eating a chocolate crakle. i bet you all are jelous. its a mini party "
eng	positive	"im glad you had a good time  i wntd to do something nice for u and we did! what r u up to?"
eng	positive	"im going to danniis party nd im gona dress up as a giant duck  yaay!!"
eng	positive	"IN LONDON Camp site with my Iphone  heheheheeh in a good mood "
eng	positive	"In sunny Sunderland for a wedding. Out tonight, England match tomorrow and wedding itself Sunday. Wedding in haunted house "
eng	positive	"in watched hollywood.tv videos on youtube  i love the way alison says "
eng	positive	"inspiration is 98% hard work , 1% luck, and 1% youtube. "
eng	positive	"instead i told my mom to go to mcdonalds  hahaha"
eng	positive	"Is currently downloading the taylor swift album  lol"
eng	positive	"is going to picnic it up then watch Game 2 of the Lakers-Magic series  Go Lakers!"
eng	positive	"is home. Hmmm how lovely to be in 85 degree weather. "
eng	positive	"is humming "
eng	positive	"Is in starbucks with her mummy "
eng	positive	"is interested to see what #Sony plans for their #E3 conference: they might get a new PSP customer out of this is in me if it's good "
eng	positive	"is loving the new Taylor Swift song.. and has renewed love for Last Kiss by Pearl Jam.. "
eng	positive	"Is lying in bed with a babe "
eng	positive	"is watchin Taylor Swift-The Fearless Tour on NBC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "
eng	positive	"It's all over and England are the winners with 4 goals to 0. Roll on Wednesday when I can actually watch on terrestrial TV "
eng	positive	"It's Amazing Lakers mission Completed "
eng	positive	"its amazing how a starbucks caramel frappucino can relieve stress..itz seriously an exordianry drink..am feelin much the better now! "
eng	positive	"Jasmine Tea, New iPod, Girls Next Door, Anchorman, dinner in the oven, clean teeth, puppy asleep next to me, the weekend. Oh so good! "
eng	positive	"Jus beat #Barcelona FC 4 - Nil on #PSP... Damn it feels good "
eng	positive	"Just ayden and i hanging @ mcdonalds, having breakfast "
eng	positive	"Just built a shelf for my xbox  http://twitpic.com/6idya"
eng	positive	"Just downloaded taylor swift because bauer has got me hooked "
eng	positive	"Just got back from market-market, bought the 8GB memory card for the psp, already. "
eng	positive	"just got home from soccer. Mcdonalds is sooo good "
eng	positive	"just playing psp .. "
eng	positive	"Just saw Sunshine Cleaning. I love Amy Adams "
eng	positive	"just watched Oprah and learned all about "
eng	positive	"Karaok� @ Figa on Mondays feels like a Gossip Girl episode! lots of fun. XOXO "
eng	positive	"kevin ruddy and obama are following me !! haha i fell loved "
eng	positive	"L.A. vs. Orlando...I have faith in L.A. Lakers. I'm a true fan! Go Lakers!!! "
eng	positive	"Lakers and Orlando on NBA Finals! Woohoo! Sorry guys.. but your Nuggets "
eng	positive	"lakers are going to the finals "
eng	positive	"Lakers are going to the finals baby!  I  heart my boyfriend "
eng	positive	"LAKERS FTW BABYY!! my boys did work tonight!!! "
eng	positive	"Lakers up 13 at half ! Looking good !! "
eng	positive	"Lakers win...Kobe is such a beast I swear....Lebron is still the GOAT   ....Magic played a good game though bad calls saved the Lakers ass"
eng	positive	"Lakers! Going to the finals!! Weee! "
eng	positive	"Lakers=WorldCHhampions!!! Wooo!! Dangg The "
eng	positive	"lazy river, hot tub and fire were so relaxing. Magic are kicking the Cavs' butt! It's going to be a fantastic night "
eng	positive	"Lebron have you seen my 3 Championship rings! LOL "
eng	positive	"Left home this morning without my iPhone. Spent an ENTIRE day outdoors without cell, Internet, texts, etc. It was AWESOME! "
eng	positive	"Let's Go Lakers!  Kick em in the Nuggs! haha."
eng	positive	"liked seeing President Obama visit 5 Guys "
eng	positive	"Listened to Joanna Wang singing Lets Start from Here on YouTube. Beautiful song, beautiful voice! "
eng	positive	"Listening to Ana Free =D love you Ana.  From brazil"
eng	positive	"Listening to Beatles songs on Pandora  so get hyped up for Beatles Rock Band #xboxE3"
eng	positive	"listening to dashboard "
eng	positive	"Listening to love story by taylor swift in the car and singing along "
eng	positive	"LOL LOL if you're looking for good laugh, check out the homie @astronautKI facebook page "
eng	positive	"love all the drunk pics on facebook of me "
eng	positive	"Love how my sister thinks she's Miley Cyrus or Taylor Swift "
eng	positive	"Love that the Obamas are bringing back date night. Men, take note  http://bit.ly/ebPBZ"
eng	positive	"loves chocolate milk  and that is GF YEAH.."
eng	positive	"loving life... and loving you "
eng	positive	"Lunch date with @Londonmitch to go to Leathenhall Market's cheese shop was really nice "
eng	positive	"Made my evening: Starbucks barista complimented me on my hamsa scarf. When he heard I designed it and sell them on etsy he was "
eng	positive	"Matt came to visit!  canton with him for dinner then prolly stopping somewhere for drinks and the cavs "
eng	positive	"May be going to London next week "
eng	positive	"me and rosa are going 2 start our own youtube channel! i'm super excited that we get 2 share our RaNdOmNeSs with the world!!!! "
eng	positive	"Modern warfare 2 gameplay looks goood  #xboxe3"
eng	positive	"Momz just made it back from Vegas, yayyyyy! "
eng	positive	"Monsters Vs Aliens in 3D was fantastic ... Ginormica is my new favourite superhero "
eng	positive	"More songs on my iPod. Love it! "
eng	positive	"Morning everyone! What a beautiful Day...Yay! "
eng	positive	"Morning Tweetland, a long day ahead! Hope everyone has a great day  "
eng	positive	"My hair is blue. "
eng	positive	"My Lakers won, now its time to see Magic win against the Celts "
eng	positive	"my version of coffee is a large sprite from mcdonalds "
eng	positive	"n i thought i was addicted to facebook. this is proof that i like to hear myself talk "
eng	positive	"new music videos today in my YouTube Channel. thanks and please subscribe.  lol. http://bit.ly/17NsuD"
eng	positive	"new video on youtube   YAYY   its shuffling though~ not singing xDD   a video for that is comin right up "
eng	positive	"Nice run last night in the rain. Nobody about just me and some twittering birds!! Spinning tonight #triathlon training "
eng	positive	"nice song by Taylor Swift  http://bit.ly/hcsm7"
eng	positive	"Nice, my contract was extended for another month "
eng	positive	"Not long till LONDON BABY!!!  and then the EMIRATES ON SUNDAY!!!!  YEAH!! cant wait... "
eng	positive	"OBAMA SPECIAL ON NBC! Whooo, hooray Brian Williams! "
eng	positive	"Obama was awesome at my graduation tonight! What a hunk "
eng	positive	"of course he makes me feel better "
eng	positive	"Off to London today to film with the gorgeous Davina McCall "
eng	positive	"off to shipmates to watch the laker game  lets go lakers!!!"
eng	positive	"Oh man! I just got an idea while filming in the car!  i need to talk to my fellow youtuber @sezrules about this!"
eng	positive	"OK all... Off to sleep on my magnetic mattress.  http://bit.ly/hPNrI  G'night all!  Sweet Dreams.   "
eng	positive	"OK bedtime for me...  We made it through another Monday!!!  YAY!!!  Night Tweets!    *poof*"
eng	positive	"ok... headed to bed. tomorrow I open shop for freddy and eddy "
eng	positive	"omg! well..here is the best news of all time in Brazil with McFly: http://bit.ly/zp3If  Look at this boys! "
eng	positive	"On the bus and ready to go  about to watch twilight on Meredith's ipod."
eng	positive	"on the train on the way into london to then get another train to see his bestest friend "
eng	positive	"On the way to vegas looking all fierce "
eng	positive	"on youtube trying to find some good videos to see "
eng	positive	"ouuu cant wait for PSP Go  i hope kingdom hearts is made for that instead of normal psp cause this is so much better"
eng	positive	"pierce surprised me w/ 2 koi fish today! he's the best!!!  did i mention he's remodeling the whole apt?i'm so grateful for him in my life!"
eng	positive	"playing and singing some taylor swift on piano. she writes realli beautiful songs "
eng	positive	"playing with my new toys "
eng	positive	"President obama will be arraive to ksa riyadh tomorrow....welcome there we love you so much "
eng	positive	"psyched about my starbucks card. thanks lynn! "
eng	positive	"Raining Thursday in Brazil!!! And My mom's Birthay...  That woman is a warrior... Have a great day everyone!"
eng	positive	"Red Devils champion of England for the 3rd time in a row.  Next stop CL title "
eng	positive	"road trip with the boy.  so far we have discovered an Obama cafe. haha"
eng	positive	"rolling down the windows, listening to music, "
eng	positive	"Rye143gg (1:58:00 AM): Lol. Ur really pretty....so pls don't pull a britney "
eng	positive	"Sawzy is helping me pack for Vegas "
eng	positive	"Seattle is sunny atm.   Need to go take advantage of it before it rains again.   I'm outta here for a bit..   "
eng	positive	"Shopping at paperdoll and chilling with @joannasaw "
eng	positive	"SissyDawnie: @CokieTheCat - Marvelous on 10 cancer-free years!!!!! YAY!! *** Thanks! Yeah. We're all pretty psyched about that! "
eng	positive	"skateboarder snowboarder breakdancer surfer NASA person               then ill be famous"
eng	positive	"So they pulled it off? Congrats to the Cavs. I know Usher is happy. "
eng	positive	"sooo excited....i just bought tickets to Taylor Swift. ahhhhhh "
eng	positive	"Sounds good to me - a national beer day : http://tinyurl.com/cspspj Now, can we do this over here? "
eng	positive	"spent the evening outside in the beautiful warm weather. finally feels like spring "
eng	positive	"starbucks "
eng	positive	"starbucks to the desk, this is the life "
eng	positive	"starbucks with the soon-to-be bride and her sister "
eng	positive	"Still recovering from a longg morning yesterday at the Today Show with Taylor Swift!! SO FUNN "
eng	positive	"Still up. Playin cards with the girls. "
eng	positive	"taylor swift was "
eng	positive	"Taylor Swift's songs just officially completed my music life. (: Well, not really. I just really love all of her songs. "
eng	positive	"taylor swift's songs make me happy, i don't know why haha "
eng	positive	"Thank gosh for whom ever invented nasal wash! "
eng	positive	"Thank you for #followfriday shout outs @RecipeFeast @freshfromFL @SeattleTallPopp @calm_compassion @CherylDLee and @bacieabbracci "
eng	positive	"Thank you, Afrin Nasal Spray! Also, I got a giant teacup tonight! "
eng	positive	"Thanks to my new followers! "
eng	positive	"That's the Birthday Boy's iPod Touch and DSi set-up and sorted. Just to think I would have been happy with a ball + boots at that age! "
eng	positive	"The Best Day - Taylor Swift "
eng	positive	"THE LAKERS ARE SO GOING TO WIN AND ADVANCE TO THE FINALS "
eng	positive	"The Lakers got it..  hahaah this is why i love LA"
eng	positive	"thinks the moon looks fantabulous tonight. I'm headed to mcdonalds with my Mom. "
eng	positive	"This is awesome, England! Keep it up! "
eng	positive	"This latest episode of NewNowNext is like full of awesome! "
eng	positive	"Those who picked the Cavs are so awwwwfully quiet now!  Nananana....nananana....hey hey....goodbye!"
eng	positive	"Time to break out Howard's puppet! Bye bye LeBron! "
eng	positive	"Today is National Cancer Survivors Day!!! Congratulations today is a celebration!! woohoo "
eng	positive	"Today was so great.  My roommate and I played some soccer and I also got a nice run in on this sunny day  Time for some reading and sleep."
eng	positive	"totally looking forward to my adventure day with @elissaislegit tomorrow  Lakers, Zac, the hood, SAYWHHA!?!?! "
eng	positive	"tweeting from my brand new Sony PSP... just because I CAN!!  "
eng	positive	"Two major blasts from the past peeps today on Twitter and Facebook. Fun. "
eng	positive	"Uploading pics from Sunday night out - it was a good night, lots of fun, and I got to know my boyfriend's sister better "
eng	positive	"using my new app p-twit for psp and i love it! snitter and p-twit are the best! go and try it yourself.. "
eng	positive	"w00t w00t! momz talks of possible goin' back to texas de brazil 4 another multi-celebration some time soon "
eng	positive	"Waiting for Game 2 To Start! GO LAKERS "
eng	positive	"Waking up in Vegas - Katy Perry  i like this song "
eng	positive	"waking up with my nespresso "
eng	positive	"wants the new psp. It's SOOOOO COOL!! "
eng	positive	"was sitting next to the "
eng	positive	"Watched all 3 hours of "
eng	positive	"watchin oprah, then workout time!!...need to get my butt back into my workout routine! "
eng	positive	"watchin the cavs game with friends "
eng	positive	"watching funny youtube vidoes "
eng	positive	"Watching Oprah that I had taped from earlier! It's was about Twitter today! "
eng	positive	"watching the taylor swift special on dateline NBC "
eng	positive	"watching what happens in vegas and lovin it "
eng	positive	"watching you belong to mee video  --taylor swift is amazing, love her...my new idol lol "
eng	positive	"Wedding dress shopping at a swanky boutique in Seattle with my best friend....never in a million years could I have imagined this day "
eng	positive	"Went to Calgary with some of the lads (Gaspar had to sit in the boot  ) to watch the Flames versus LA Kings. Calgary won 4-1. Nice night."
eng	positive	"What an awesome day   Boy am I grateful "
eng	positive	"What I love from the White House special: Barack's favorite chocolates- now as gifts to visitors: Fran's from Seattle!" 
eng	positive	"What you know about them Lakers! Haha. . .yeaaaaah baby. "
eng	positive	"Whirlpool Galaxy Deep Field  : http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap090526.html  what an amazing universe "
eng	positive	"Whoo lakers won!! Now I can breathe haha "
eng	positive	"Woo CAVS.  Happy Mother's Day! "
eng	positive	"Woohoo! Todays a good day.. Going to get my new ipod! "
eng	positive	"Wow Announcement of new Halo game from Bungie  HALO: Reach - this rumor was true too, scheduled for 2010 #xboxe3"
eng	positive	"Wow, another sunny day in London! Maybe it really has changed its mind about being a miserable sod all the time "
eng	positive	"Writin' my 4 pages of notes for my Media Exam this Afternoon, while listenin' to Keith Urban, Taylor Swift n' Dierks Bentley "
eng	positive	"yay verizon might get an iphone "
eng	positive	"Yayy! Just got my ticket for the What Happens In Vegas Tour! "
eng	positive	"yeah guys i will totally bring dublin to the party. he would love the company. "
eng	positive	"Yeah Lakers!!!!!! I am so stinkin' excited!!! Now the cavs need to shut the magic out for the best finals possible!! "
eng	positive	"You belong with me - Taylor Swift "
eng	positive	"You belong with me by Taylor Swift. How come I don't know about this awesome song?  Slacking off now."
eng	positive	"You Belong With Me-Taylor Swift ? "
eng	positive	"You Belong With Me"4";"YAY!!!! LAKERS WIN "
eng	positive	"you guys should check out fred on youtube hes our favorite youtube star "
eng	positive	"you know twitter is going places when oprah starts tweeting. oh and larry king! "
eng	positive	"Youtube and Facebook ftw! "
eng	positive	"Youtube comedy people are just amazing. "
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @France_Inte @PKuchly57 @Milipol_Paris for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@Lamb2ja Hey James! How odd :/ Please call our Contact Centre on 02392441234 and we will be able to assist you :) Many thanks!"
eng	positive	"@DespiteOfficial we had a listen last night :) As You Bleed is an amazing track. When are you in Scotland?!"
eng	positive	"@97sides CONGRATS :)"
eng	positive	"yeaaaah yippppy!!!  my accnt verified rqst has succeed got a blue tick mark on my fb profile :) in 15 days"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter @PallaviRuhail This one is irresistible :) #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/EbZ0L2VENM"
eng	positive	"We don't like to keep our lovely customers waiting for long! We hope you enjoy! Happy Friday! - LWWF :) https://t.co/smyYriipxI"
eng	positive	"@Impatientraider On second thought, there’s just not enough time for a DD :) But new shorts entering system. Sheep must be buying."
eng	positive	"Jgh , but we have to go to Bayan :D bye"
eng	positive	"As an act of mischievousness, am calling the ETL layer of our in-house warehousing app Katamari.  Well… as the name implies :p."
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @wncer1 @Defense_gouv for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :) - http://t.co/QVzjgd1uFo http://t.co/oWBL11eQRY"
eng	positive	"@Mish23615351  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@jjulieredburn Perfect, so you already know what's waiting for you :)"
eng	positive	"Great new opportunity for junior triathletes aged 12 and 13 at the Gatorade series! Get your entries in :) http://t.co/of3DyOzML0"
eng	positive	"Laying out a greetings card range for print today - love my job :-)"
eng	positive	"Friend's lunch... yummmm :) #Nostalgia #TBS #KU."
eng	positive	"@RookieSenpai @arcadester it is the id conflict thanks for the help :D here's the screenshot of it working"
eng	positive	"@oohdawg_ Hi liv :))"
eng	positive	"Hello I need to know something can u fm me on Twitter?? — sure thing :) dm me x http://t.co/W6Dy130BV7"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @MBandScott_ @Eric_FLE @pointsolutions3 for being top new followers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@rossbreadmore I've heard the Four Seasons is pretty dope. Penthouse, obvs #Gobigorgohome Have fun y'all :)"
eng	positive	"@gculloty87 Yeah I suppose she was lol! Chat in a bit just off out x :))"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @maphisa301"
eng	positive	"💅🏽💋 - :)))) haven't seen you in years"
eng	positive	"@Bosslogic @amellywood @CW_Arrow @ARROWwriters Thank you! :-)"
eng	positive	"@johngutierrez1 hope the rest of your night goes by quickly... I am off to bed... got my music fix and now it is time to dream  :)"
eng	positive	"Spiritual Ritual Festival (Népal) Beginning of Line-up :) It is left for the line-up (y) See more at:... http://t.co/QMNz62OEuc"
eng	positive	"@ke7zum Hey Sarah! Send us an email at bitsy@bitdefender.com and we'll help you asap :)"
eng	positive	"@izzkamilhalda lols. :D"
eng	positive	"MY kik - hatessuce32429 #kik #kikme #lgbt #tinder #nsfw #akua #cumshot :) http://t.co/TnHJD36yzf"
eng	positive	"@KalinWhite come to my house :)))))"
eng	positive	"#nsn_supplements, Effective press release distribution with results! :) [link removed] #PressRelease #NewsDistribution"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x46"
eng	positive	"everyone watch the documentary Earthlings on YouTube :-)"
eng	positive	"@jamiefigsxx  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @MichelBauza @InvataOnline for being top supports in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"buuuuuuuut oh well :-)"
eng	positive	"@leisuremarkltd @NoshandQuaff @aktarislam @keanebrands @HeritageSilver I am looking forward to visiting next week #letsgetmessy Jo :-)"
eng	positive	"@sehunshinedaily if it makes u feel better i never have nor will see anyone in kpop in the flesh :D"
eng	positive	"@Joyster2012 @CathStaincliffe Good for you, girl!! Best wishes :-)"
eng	positive	"@_Kimimi A great enough reason to listen to one epic soundtrack. :D"
eng	positive	"@AquaDesignGroup Thank you for the shout out. Have a great Friday :)"
eng	positive	"I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://t.co/yzpfsMxUq0 im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 4"
eng	positive	"Would love to see you dear in #Jordan :) waiting you! @FIRDOZ  :) @VisitJordan @dannyprol"
eng	positive	"@ABNORMAL_ANA92 oh, okay :D thanks!"
eng	positive	"@sssniperwolf like how to fake gameplays ;) haha Im kidding, im kidding. You do good stuff :)."
eng	positive	"@dennislami @Dicle_Aygur, yeah exactly :)"
eng	positive	"Our new product line is in our #etsy shop now! Check it out :) http://t.co/h8exCTLQxg #boxroomcrafts"
eng	positive	"@PeakYourMind I hope your vacation is going great! :D"
eng	positive	"@groovinshawn they are rechargeable and it normally comes with a charger when u buy it :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @France_Espana @reglisse_menthe @CCI_inter for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Well she's asleep and I have no one to talk to sooo someone text me :)"
eng	positive	"@brynybrath @smallcappy Yes, I suppose. I bet he'll have a blue fit after hearing her speech today. Pity :-)"
eng	positive	"Green gardens, midnight sun, beautiful canals dasvidaniya till next visit.:)"
eng	positive	"@KeithRParsons are you scouting SG for a future WLAN pros conference here in Asia? :)"
eng	positive	"@Cecilie_Hell @420evilangel @wazimotometal @durooooooo @spigranty Good for u, better change it to lollipop 🍭 :)."
eng	positive	"We &lt;3 u Nez :) #AGNEZMO https://t.co/cGViMHSINz"
eng	positive	"@LittleMix Follow me Please :)  This is my Big Dream :)"
eng	positive	"@Elemaaan  oley be :D"
eng	positive	""@CowokAddict: Mama is the only reason why I stand stronger up to now! :)""
eng	positive	"@MacatangayApril  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@tk_kjk_kndr @boukendreamer OH MY GOD MISTY, MY BABY IS SO CUTE!!! :D"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter   I love blue :) #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/HnbinH35ES"
eng	positive	"@CarcassDrop Woohoo! Can't wait :) Have you signed up yet, or still thinking about it? MKa"
eng	positive	"i have liam access now :))"
eng	positive	"@SyuhxdxTengku most welcome :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/p6K6SiH58a."
eng	positive	"@sluttywife2 you shouldn't be surprised...you have an amazing figure :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @murtishaw @aqui_fr @FRTechStartups for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"#HappyBirthdayEmilyBett @emilybett :) Wishing you all the best you beautiful,sweet,talented,amazing… https://t.co/humtC1tr3I"
eng	positive	"2 plans for the day down the drain great :):"
eng	positive	"@x123456789tine @5SOS_FAHUpdates gotta love timezones :p"
eng	positive	"are your parents proud of you — lol, not in the least :D maybe sometimes they get happy because of my grades, al... http://t.co/bJjeGIOOGU"
eng	positive	"Grande :)  https://t.co/gsaaxNpR8u"
eng	positive	"Manila_bro has chosen to follow me on Twitter! http://t.co/lKXZWXN1fb. Thanks for the follow :)"
eng	positive	"@syazwanzainal sure let me know when you're around..at this side of the world #eh u too take care :-)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @michae1green @superninjaalan @Doug_Laney for being top new followers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"finally the fucking weekend :)"
eng	positive	"REAL :)"
eng	positive	"@LoLEsportspedia thanks :D"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x45"
eng	positive	"YES! I Joined #HushedCallWithFraydoe for a call &amp; gift from @_Fraydoe &lt;3 Gotta Get @HushedApp :D http://t.co/VaLVe8omdT"
eng	positive	"@YasLarry yeahhh :)"
eng	positive	"can I DM you &amp; make your night better :)))"
eng	positive	"just joined the #HushedPinWithSammy Event :D Might get to Text with @SammyWilk for a day! Luv U @HushedApp http://t.co/kGfgawdHy9"
eng	positive	"Would really appreciate it if you share this video around :) https://t.co/MhK3B3wOpQ"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @xhebenkewu_9920"
eng	positive	"@TomParker oh wow!! That is beautiful tom :)"
eng	positive	"Love You @darlingIXHAI22 @SyreenAnne :)) https://t.co/wx7yRrE7sV"
eng	positive	"I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://t.co/HVVPhSYakA im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 3"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @AmericanOGrain @PecomeP @APaulicand for being top supports in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@ZaynZaynmalik30  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Gym Monday can't wait :). Likes"
eng	positive	"@HarNiLiZaLouis Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)  http://t.co/rZgZtQ2fJT"
eng	positive	"Those friends know themselves :)"
eng	positive	"waiting for nudes :-)"
eng	positive	"@JacobWhitesides go sleep u ! :)))))))))"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/RB8pMNgMEo."
eng	positive	"My birthday is a week today! :D"
eng	positive	"@metalgear_jp @Kojima_Hideo I want you're T-shirts ! They are so cool ! :D"
eng	positive	"@AxeRade haw phela if am not looking like Mom obviously am looking like him :)"
eng	positive	"@zaynmalik prince charming on stage :) x https://t.co/OnVFhzt5fZ"
eng	positive	"i have really good luck :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/XzsOGaC4zK."
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @straz_das @DCarsonCPA @GH813600 for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@twentyonepilots @fujirock_jp tylers hipster glasses :D"
eng	positive	"@MartyRafenstein   Hey Marty !! Glad to see on Twitter. :)"
eng	positive	"@UKBusinessLunch Hi we will be joining you again today :)"
eng	positive	"@LAfitnessUKhelp done thanks :-)"
eng	positive	"Its already afternoon, lets read Al Kahfi before the day finish :)"
eng	positive	"OhmyG! yaya dub @mainedcm im done doing to stalk your ig accnt.. GONDOOO MOO TOLOGOOO :) HAHA"
eng	positive	"@rozbabes Here's your invite to become a Scope influencer :) Details here: http://t.co/ipJ2yOiGet"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @NGourd @Locita @D_Robert_Kelly for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@kevinthewhippet @Cassie_Spaniel @Bracken_Nelson @BellisimoBella1 @SpanielHarry thanks :) zzz xx"
eng	positive	"Physiotherapy Friday is my hashtag for today. Custom! :-)"
eng	positive	"@Cjlopez21 you know I will 💪 Monica and I miss you to, yeah sounds good to me :)"
eng	positive	""Good morning, beautiful :)" That's all it takes."
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x43"
eng	positive	"@MandaScapinello oh yeah?? I am definitely going to try it tonight then! :) we took your advice too! We are in Treviso now!"
eng	positive	"@morallosanthony  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@NIKKIERIOZZI Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Fine,  ...Have a gorgeous Friday, friend!!..; xo..-:)) https://t.co/JmpkZP2DaI"
eng	positive	"Oven roasted garlic in olive oil, sun dried tomatoes, some dried basil, and century tuna :) https://t.co/EsCc9QhLob"
eng	positive	"@HostMyOffice @NigelPWhittaker @lemezma @TWBC_Business @_TheBunkerJL Right back atchya!  Have a great day everyone :)"
eng	positive	"@TeamTall17 @FlashHayer  but doesn't even follow back :-)"
eng	positive	"The future is almost here then :) https://t.co/rolE3ZCL97"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @Michelploria @MyFrenchCity @jasoncreation for being top new followers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"No chance :)"
eng	positive	"@ChiAB2486 @MrCliveC @PCDKirkwood @DC_ARVSgt @COPS_President @EmWilliamsCCCU @LauraRGallagher @Hall11Kate @LaMinx541 @JohnTarbet71 cheers :)"
eng	positive	"@thatguycalledP go po for ice cream :))"
eng	positive	"@19strawberry66 I agree 100% :)"
eng	positive	"@SpazzyTsukihara hehehehe thats the point :p"
eng	positive	"@KalinWhite next time just stay home :)"
eng	positive	"@Gculloty87 thanks :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @digitalplace2be @intlboost @_lafontpresse for being top supports in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@stayfaboo it will be up soon, i promise :)"
eng	positive	"Web Whatsapp volta a funcionar com iPhone jailbroken. :-)"
eng	positive	"@crustyolddeen (I plan on watching it later) at 34 mins Leia appears as a hologram from R2D2 w a message for Obi Wan as he sits w Luke :)"
eng	positive	"@Mburu__ Inter 3 UCL, Arsenal... Small team, Right! :)"
eng	positive	"Just passing by :) 🚂 (@ Dewsbury Railway Station (DEW) - @nationalrailenq in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire) https://t.co/DvBssHbrfx"
eng	positive	"@ClearlyArticle :) its 430 am smh"
eng	positive	"@uptommosass it's 9:25 am here :) I live in Scotland :) it's strange to imagine what?- Megan xx"
eng	positive	"@bookmyshow    ! #MasaanToday #MasaanToday  A4.... Shweta Tripathi    ! #MasaanToday #MasaanToday  -.:-) .-..,"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman 5. Over 20 W kurtas! And my Mom has about half the number I have :D #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"Ah! Hello back Larry! @TransworldBooks :) https://t.co/8XhjJb4jtH"
eng	positive	"Anyway my Friday is looking kinda gooood :)"
eng	positive	"@jhun_hunyo  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Lol. Well. That's life :) thank God it enn you  https://t.co/GLoCEIjGQQ"
eng	positive	"@OJBJ @holmesjsamuel surely this could be your warmup this morning ??? Coming on 15th to Bath :) xx"
eng	positive	"Dum Dum Andar - Ram Sampath, Sona Mohapatra &amp; Samantha Edwards Mein Tulane to razi razi, Wah! That's Josh :) http://t.co/ul8MARDfhm"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber :) always smile"
eng	positive	"@darlakim_ picture. :)"
eng	positive	"@arsenalnewsasit Thanks again, your time 16.20 right? That's perfect timing for me here :)."
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @IzywayLesExpats @na4innov @InXpressCoAzur for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@Juleeyaanaa i know :))"
eng	positive	"#GiveItUp We have already given up our gas subsidy long back when this initiative was proposed.. Feeling so delighted having done that!! :)"
eng	positive	"@dayloladay I missed this yesterday!! :-)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x42"
eng	positive	"@jaimeemelanie_ lmaoo! The best songs ever &lt;3 We shall have our own little throwback this week (y) :p"
eng	positive	"@Clazziebritchas then go to the outlying islands, such as Cheung Chau, Mui Wo....totally different :))"
eng	positive	"#KFCkitchentours Kitchen is so clean. I'm totally amazed :) @KFC_India"
eng	positive	"@cybelxxx  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Jana7380 on the cusp of testing the waters, hope yours is rewarding :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @BroadcastBeat @InSunWeTrust @conseilsmkg for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"arummzz: Let's go... I'll drive for you :p  #traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood… https://t.co/s7y4Ys5JeU"
eng	positive	"Anyone wanna skype me? :D"
eng	positive	"@agylyxa may i look so, bit i am a real nice friendly girl :-)"
eng	positive	"Im not like them. But i can pretend~ :)"
eng	positive	"watching where we are concert film :)"
eng	positive	"Congratulations @amisharanka95, you're the winner to our #CheesyDelights contest :) Please DM us your address and contact number!"
eng	positive	":) Have a great weekend guys! https://t.co/DLDKLpeTAb"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @CLARAROJASG @BF_P2C @MyBusiness_Plan for being top new followers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@PuaMagasiva it was cool seeing you film today! :)"
eng	positive	"Check out Email Marketing 24/7:  http://t.co/O5fjR7oEqk you won't regret if you buy it :)"
eng	positive	"@vineshpomal LOL. Come join us ... See u in around 14 hours if u leave now, without delays. :)"
eng	positive	"Actually very easy doing like this, it must be a station I guess where the train 'wd take at least an hour for shifting its engine etc :-)"
eng	positive	"sunburn is peeling :-)"
eng	positive	"@Sexdate_gratis Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@TikoSD Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@no1_razorstan then talk to me. I can help you :)"
eng	positive	""@CassTheTrainer: A Huge &amp; Warm Welcome to @VodkaBlond :-))"  ☆ finally we complete the triangle ! ☆"
eng	positive	"@LucienneDiver I live in Northern Ireland. :) what sights have you seen?"
eng	positive	"@Mecastor01Mica  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @Z_Intl_Agency @Tivipro @compexly for being top supports in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/6prugvmOuC."
eng	positive	"@imraina feeling smthng smthng fr u...lol...wanna hug u....XOXO...love uu jaann take care :* :)) &lt;3 :")"
eng	positive	"thanks mom :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks #TopNewFollowers @BestOfFicPad @MrCFluegel @JeanMarcPN Happy to connect :)"
eng	positive	"@MooseAllain @MeatBingo that is the just most wonderful thing, it's made me feel all fluffy inside. Great pirouette, Moose :D"
eng	positive	"@KristophCajon I have a trip to philly in December so after that :) I'd love to come out there dude."
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x41"
eng	positive	"The question is flawed. Pain doesn't negate strength :)  https://t.co/77TbkS2Djw"
eng	positive	"@ReflectKnives You went solo because these moves weren't being made :D"
eng	positive	"hey my fav nirvana song is smells like teen spirit rip amy winehouse :-)))))"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @CCIdeLYON @CCI_95 @CPNERI_ESIGROUP for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Let's go... I'll drive for you :p  #traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood… https://t.co/s7y4Ys5JeU"
eng	positive	"did we name the couple yet?? #TomHiddleston #ElizabethOlsen ?? #yaytheylookgreat :))"
eng	positive	"I love you all goodnight. Vid going up when I wake up you all with love this one :)"
eng	positive	"This weekend I am gonna shoot the lovely @NarakuBrock again &lt;3! Here a picture I made of her last time :D http://t.co/s3e2dmpt24"
eng	positive	"anyway :-)"
eng	positive	"Itty Bitty Teenie Bikini  :) http://t.co/A2oxW0ZI3g http://t.co/jn7KSfHwRc"
eng	positive	"I just joined the #HushedPinWithSammy Event :D Might get to Text with @SammyWilk for a day! Luv U @HushedApp http://t.co/czdow1i44W"
eng	positive	"Always so much fun when 4th hour gets together. :)   Ending the night with ice cream and Xfiles.   Content."
eng	positive	"@aangelayap easy :D"
eng	positive	"@NTtownend yes, be surprised if we don't see a bit of rain today... :)"
eng	positive	"@ReyesFraulein  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"To all @fatpunkstudio have a fabulous Friday and keep up the fantastic work!! :))"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber can you please follow me @caitecat1209 ♡♡♡♡ please jb follow me I love you always and forever. I'm a belieber ♡♡♡♡ :) I love u"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @DiploMix @CCI_entreprises @CCI_92 for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Morning all! :)"
eng	positive	"@FranchiSeedsUK good to hear :)"
eng	positive	"@LusciousLyndee1 Nighty night! Don't let the bed bugs bite :D"
eng	positive	"@Bonsplansblog Very beautiful this bracelet! good idea :)"
eng	positive	"@guywilliamsguy waiting for you at the foundry. Where you at?? :)"
eng	positive	"@KalinWhite I like that game :)"
eng	positive	"@suzannepanter @kevinbacon @katosman Ah! Now it makes sense... Didn't see the pic on my effing phone last night. Woot :) x"
eng	positive	"@Derek_GTA Hi Derek, you could try using ParkShare in Gloucestershire http://t.co/qIF9AyAlkc :)"
eng	positive	"Aaaahhh man, this track is a traffic stress reliever. :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @elevents2 @JoussotFrench_J @NYIBF for being top new followers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@El1neW How're you today my dear? :)"
eng	positive	"@Jesutomisin I hear you guys want Arbeloa. :D"
eng	positive	"@ShawnMendes turning 17 in 15 days...omg. at least we have only 3 years difference :)"
eng	positive	"@matteomeacci Well, they say Europe is on the rise again, but I find that hard to believe :)"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman #WSaleLove uncountable coz we love unlimited :)"
eng	positive	"Yes, of course :) #TeamPositive https://t.co/SaIX1VpFJF"
eng	positive	"yes i love :-) #AlDub"
eng	positive	"@coffeebreak22 @LauRenArren @drparkave @JWKanyuira1969 @dheracing @RhoaChri @BarbaraBathurst @1cryingeye @willisteam :) ☕☕☕ Thank you Rita!"
eng	positive	"@mikerobb Hi there, could you please DM us further info and we'd be happy to help! :)"
eng	positive	"@24gooch on way my boy! :)"
eng	positive	"@graphure I hope you will get a lot of nice gifts :D"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x40"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @ACBM_SECEM @DCarsonCPA_NYC @PromosalonsInfo for being top supports in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"So True!!  :)  https://t.co/N2ORwrOwhD"
eng	positive	"I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://t.co/09GuSuMrNb im back on twitch and today it going to be league :) - 1 / 3"
eng	positive	"@ZarlashtFaisal @Tabinda_Samar Sethi was HIGH ??? :)"
eng	positive	"@IAm_Lennox exe skeem saam :)"
eng	positive	"These are the people who make me smile. :) @_pumpchkin_ @aka_pump @LilfrenchMsp @_Lishielou908_ http://t.co/iDdtACkA4K"
eng	positive	"@CoSchedule Thanks for the invite. :)"
eng	positive	"@SyedIHusain polite izzat :)  wese does she trust him? khawateen k sath selfies say to mana kar deya :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you @MovieTubePW that's my Friday evening sorted :-)"
eng	positive	"@nova_caneeee you smart :)))"
eng	positive	"@vaalthepal :-) nice hair tbh"
eng	positive	"5 years :) https://t.co/hJEhDmxuu9"
eng	positive	"jacob will there be a m&amp;g upgrade??:-)"
eng	positive	"@heydonworks Nice tee man :)"
eng	positive	"Happy family vacation .. :D [pic] — https://t.co/HL0Fw8msf1"
eng	positive	"some sleep would be nice :-)"
eng	positive	"If you're reading this, you're beautiful.  Like this if you just read this :)"
eng	positive	"Talking to One person .... Having Two Conversations :))))))))"
eng	positive	"skype was fun :-)"
eng	positive	"@SoggyStones should be online :)"
eng	positive	"...because it's Friday :D (y) http://t.co/6rA4ZlpjO9"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @CCIFCcanada @AdamEvnmnt @boxcalf1 for being top engaged members in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"Something to get your #Friday off to a great start :) Have a great day all! #Mclaren #FridayFeeling #TGIF http://t.co/LshgwcXsSv"
eng	positive	"@AvinPera  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"square enix bissmillah ya Allah :)"
eng	positive	"@SephtonMark we're training #SocEnt startups at @TobaccoDockLon this week w/ @HelpingB - we'd love to have you drop in if youre arnd town :)"
eng	positive	"@HGVWolfie Basically you piss in a cup and they test it :)))"
eng	positive	"@ellenRstewart where are you off to next? :)"
eng	positive	"@IonSwitz @notch also, Twitter is terrible for complicated discussions :)"
eng	positive	"Snapchat me : LynetteLowe #snapchat #kikmenow #snapme #hot #snapchat #amazon #kikmeguys :) http://t.co/kd54m2IAm6"
eng	positive	"I am not looking forward to a 12 hour shift today :))))))"
eng	positive	"@ely83_ely definately agree that it's a growing sport. Drop me an email with details and we can see what we can do :-)"
eng	positive	"My last rt is me :)"
eng	positive	"...and the Rakyat will keep visiting your blog and reading your writing :) https://t.co/IMRy2BXuzd"
eng	positive	"@ryan2390 ever since I mentioned fly fishing the other day I'm getting follows and promoted posts about it lol cyber stalked! :-)"
eng	positive	"@Gurmeetramrahim #OurDaughtersOurPride #mypapamypride Proud of You Papa Coach :)"
eng	positive	"@imarpita it was great talking to you :D"
eng	positive	"@awaismarwat2011 never see positive kha u could also mention atleast they are going :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x39"
eng	positive	"@_pigglywiggly @Omundson The mango lassi's from Monty's are marvellous :D. Though I suspect that's not what you meant...."
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday @StayfanChemin @CCI_75 @aandreup for being top influencers in my community this week :)"
eng	positive	"@Thakurain_ Haha. Yes. I have 24 hrs. The time has come to touch the Kepler 452b. Chalna hai ?? :D"
eng	positive	"@iyah_mohamad  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@allygrrdo thankyou pretty! :)"
eng	positive	"@PinkPeoniesBlog @helloprettysa definitely the Hazel Food Market in Brooklyn, Pta :) &gt;&gt; http://t.co/ySQkhNDo2B"
eng	positive	"still awake :))))"
eng	positive	"@joiredve okayy :D"
eng	positive	"Awww thank you :)  https://t.co/9tSQv2DWVm"
eng	positive	"@AR1961 ha! That does not surprise me in the least! Okay but will see doc this afternoon. Yorkshire is splendid though! :) xx"
eng	positive	"@JRTurnerPhoto @davidqueenan @jameslturnbull spam folder: WOW! I have won a huge amount of $ I just need to travel to Nigeria to claim it :)"
eng	positive	"@PERKSOFNIALLJH RTed! Good Luck :)"
eng	positive	"My legs hurt so bad :))))))))))))))))))"
eng	positive	"@johnny_lopez96 I get mine Saturday :-))))"
eng	positive	"@imafaithreyes thaaanks! December puhon. :))"
eng	positive	"happinessss~!! :))  https://t.co/slOn63OUeS"
eng	positive	"@VaibhavVj78 @PayUmoney True that. Can you change TnC without prior notification? I could have used them last night. :-)"
eng	positive	"https://t.co/gYx34VfmkK and I  probably only find this funny at 2:22 am :-)"
eng	positive	"@aliyaskates @yoshihikomkm Fat cos he probably ate Yuna :D :D :D"
eng	positive	"@emmajaneparsons @CuriousMindsNW Have fun in Tameside :))"
eng	positive	"@hydrcted what :-) did :-) i :-) do :-?"
eng	positive	"@CharmingJedward you´re welcome!! :)"
eng	positive	"My Google+ account. :) http://t.co/R8jyDxlQyo"
eng	positive	"@2SHYMC and they call scousers for everything! Hope you and Zoe are well mate :)"
eng	positive	"@RachelEvans_28 RIGHT!!!!!! I literally was like maybe u should get people who actually know what they're doing :-) @StudentTrip"
eng	positive	"|| Sameee~   Rest well :) https://t.co/T6ZCo4NxDG"
eng	positive	"@EdgarsLame happy birthday Edgar! I hope you have a good one and keep updating your travel log :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :D @VikkFollows @Vikkstar123"
eng	positive	"@MarreyJewAna bring Abes :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/xxlXs6xYwe."
eng	positive	"someone talk to me :))"
eng	positive	"i will never be the same if we ever meet again :D"
eng	positive	"@BBCSport come on man :D :D"
eng	positive	"@prettyden15  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x38"
eng	positive	"@LivelyKaty *sighs dreamily at that pout and those 'come to bath' eyes!* :-) #quacketyquack"
eng	positive	"@_sunshinehoran_ happy birthday love :)"
eng	positive	"@Brianscrooks @burwellitltd @manfrotto_tweet Cheers :-)"
eng	positive	"Funny how that happened when Phil was here too : )"
eng	positive	"@WMFireDogs I'd call 'em Del &amp; Rodders :) What else!"
eng	positive	"@ForkH Hi, may you like play my newest gamejam game, i would be very happy about it :) http://t.co/8J5voDDHcs"
eng	positive	"This is great! Irish literature is really inaccessible to most of us without Irish :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter @PallaviRuhail yeah! This is fun :) #FlipkartFashionFriday"
eng	positive	"Nice music :) Check it out! http://t.co/PEjHsORGrk"
eng	positive	"@_xRiya Strange Kareena's Fans Not Knowing Kareena's Fans :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @e1d4c8e25ec844c"
eng	positive	"better :)"
eng	positive	"@ArtForCause Cool. Will look for you there. :)"
eng	positive	":)) beautiful http://t.co/F8V3McI39e"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/cHl12JvuxN http://t.co/GGgU9PYEjI"
eng	positive	"@ScreamQueenLR That's fair enough :) I wouldn't rush back either."
eng	positive	"Brandi 18 on my FB DROP A SELFIE :) was fun https://t.co/TRoroeS4FK"
eng	positive	"@kthrnbyln  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"During a carnival men put masks over their masks. Xavier Forneret :-)"
eng	positive	"@jennnnifer29 Jennifer, Check my site if u wanna get FREE 50.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@trisha1234 Beautiful edit, Trish! :) Loved it! ♥"
eng	positive	"Gratefulness = Happiness :) Post three things you're grateful for today in the comments"
eng	positive	"Love to wakeup beside her &amp; have some real dirty,dirty sex :-)  http://t.co/dPLYrlTjil"
eng	positive	"@literalwt LMAOOO SAME its so hot 😤😤 like louis :) he's so hot !!!!!!!!"
eng	positive	"@MariaGM350 Just gonna throw idea at you cause if they're bad it will inspire you to think of something much better.  :-)"
eng	positive	"#FF The Best Twoofs to follow have a GR8 wkend :) @allpawone @Hungry_Hounds @DDWalks @HealthyHounds4U @pawsforawalk http://t.co/fIYPR3t2Ai"
eng	positive	"@cinnamoniboni I wish I could! Maybe one year :)"
eng	positive	"hey guys! how are you ? :)"
eng	positive	"I think I need to go to bed kind of exhausted good night twitter :)"
eng	positive	"@renukaVyavahare Thank you so much.. So glad you liked it.. :-)"
eng	positive	"It will all get better in time. :)"
eng	positive	"@Chelt52 Kind words - thank you very much! It's @SueRyderLCH that does so much good in the #Cheltenham area :)"
eng	positive	"Hi beautiful follow me please? :) @iggyazalea @lanadelrey @megannicole @madisonellebeer @tiffanyalvord $9"
eng	positive	"@astro_lass They weren’t kale crisps :-) Why ruin a good thing?"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x37"
eng	positive	"@mykidsloveme2 Open Worldwide :)"
eng	positive	"get the fuck outta here :D https://t.co/neJd4AaQWZ"
eng	positive	"@StreetFighter Cool down guys. It's #SFVBeta, not release. They work on it. :)"
eng	positive	"@CrazyLeoNet @Woodslenny @MSportLtd @FordPerformance It really looks Vantastic :) @VBGIE @FordOwnersClub @autocultureirl"
eng	positive	"Today I finally have time to work on Xcylin again :D"
eng	positive	"@UPCIreland Thank you. So if its a bundle shows the internet price no phone than realisticly only paying for Net?:)"
eng	positive	"@PublicProtector :) True Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world,"Nelson Mandela"
eng	positive	"@agavrilychev2  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Most recent trip to J&amp;K; totally loved it :D And that's 'Chenab' there which flows into Pakistan. #incredibleindia http://t.co/1EHnC4mxZL"
eng	positive	"My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior! :)"
eng	positive	"Caught my first salmon today :D"
eng	positive	"@annaelerihart - happy Friday! Just checking in to see if you enjoyed our Super-Blend? :)"
eng	positive	"@MrsManfyDiston Thanks for following! Do get in touch if you'd like any more info about our project: youth@bipolaruk.org.uk :)"
eng	positive	"Please go check out my awesome friend's stream at http://t.co/uVBD0iDwDW ! He's a fantastic artist. :)"
eng	positive	"My Alma Mater :) #HighSchoolDays #ClientVisit :) @ Faith Christian School https://t.co/OiWrwoFuY1"
eng	positive	"Good luck to #LizaMinnelli for her upcoming UK appearances :-) @GaryJHorrocks @ScottGorenstein http://t.co/r1ExrOTFBP"
eng	positive	"@messiholic_ Lol 😄😄really?  I can't believe a beautiful girl like you are single :p"
eng	positive	"I will never be listening to The Hills every again :-)"
eng	positive	"@dantoml why would you listen to Beats 1? What went wrong in your life? :)"
eng	positive	"@concertina226 Haha that's great :)"
eng	positive	"Getting everything ready for my Natural Pefumery Workshop at Neals Yard, Covent Garden - tomorrow :) http://t.co/WYEE7cbqOZ"
eng	positive	"@grannaHarmony fback :) indo harmos"
eng	positive	"@ewoksurewok just Americano :)"
eng	positive	"Why am I up :-))"
eng	positive	"@SquadKathNiels @bernardokath i LOVE the way you are :) &lt;3"
eng	positive	"@thevaas @Vasan_Bala ALWAYS Remember :)"
eng	positive	"Aww! Thank you. Beautiful pic :D  https://t.co/044Hfi99Rc"
eng	positive	"@Podolski10 heads up! :)"
eng	positive	"@jessicaswift_13 Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" https://t.co/QSaoyO8CIk .Plz let us know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"Smart, handshome, cute juga :D https://t.co/7DC0LU3j9k"
eng	positive	"@LauraSummersNow @STWevents hurray! Looking forward to meeting you too :)"
eng	positive	"@tomokawaiix  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@liilss cause hate my course lol but I cant decide what I want to change to so Im just going to take some time off, save $$, maybe travel :)"
eng	positive	"@WoollyWormhead It's on my to do list if I'm still at the show :)"
eng	positive	"@realiseagency you too :)"
eng	positive	"@LoreTam Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@jojoaro0618 @danisnotonfire @AmazingPhil Oh awesome, thank you so much! :)"
eng	positive	"@CaityYoungblood you're perfect. :)"
eng	positive	"@lcfcset Hiya, if you email our web exec, Loryn.Good@lincs-chamber.co.uk, she will be able to help you. :)"
eng	positive	":) enjoy photos from before/when my mom was a baby http://t.co/1wqZetbvQu"
eng	positive	"BIG thx @bikechainricci 4 the kind support @SHINEUKCharity @ShineBalloons. GOOD LUCK!! :-)"
eng	positive	""Chinas actually a girl. That or a homosexual." "But we will love him/her either way."  :D #HyungBot"
eng	positive	"@Gamer1811 cause i likes him a Lot :)"
eng	positive	"@mattghouse give me some time fam, I got some things in mind :-)"
eng	positive	"Thanks God it's friday :) #jgh."
eng	positive	"@ashtonparsonsuk @LypsylUK how lovely! :)"
eng	positive	"@heartsouthwest #timetunnel 1982?. Not quite sure if my radio is set at heart :)"
eng	positive	"@jackgilinsky Hiii Jack :) ily ✨✨✨"
eng	positive	"@smartcookiesam @Confarreo I played dominoes in a pub once. It all got quite heated! Enjoyed it though :D"
eng	positive	"@hostclubhowell no prob!:)"
eng	positive	"@danvpeterson Enjoy! And sorry about my hastily typed message! :)"
eng	positive	"#FF @dreamshakes @marketsmatter @MrsMarketUK @CheshireLadders @Streetzine @jewellery_bank @luvthenorth444 @BlueAppleHeroes thank you :-)"
eng	positive	"Can I just say a big thank you to the person who came up with the idea of screenshotting :-)"
eng	positive	"@AshrafUzma @RTAluvedAfridi  We are not true Pakistanis :p"
eng	positive	"@Raj_Poot_ :) ... mention not"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x36"
eng	positive	"3Points for #DreamTeam Gooo BAILEY! :) #PBB737Gold @PBBabscbn"
eng	positive	"@crisasingson07 Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@addictionguy You drank because of it? :)"
eng	positive	"@ernezpjy its old pic :)"
eng	positive	"@sharleneyupasc1  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"I haven't gotten any sleep and I have to be up in 3 1/2 hours :)))))))))))))))"
eng	positive	"Off to #Welsh #Wales today. Yippee! :-) http://t.co/BdaXV35FYE"
eng	positive	"@stalkerIDOL_ done :)"
eng	positive	"@fwmkian HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY 💟💟 I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH :))"
eng	positive	"thanks bro ! :D x"
eng	positive	"thats my lord :) http://t.co/7O5XaValPN"
eng	positive	"Sweet :) https://t.co/025WcVvnxe"
eng	positive	"@riprap1 We like you Michael :) Thanks for your kind words! Cheers, Em"
eng	positive	"@coxn8r Morning to you too? Not really :D U're already having fun cause its weekend right? :D ure in the future ;)) Have an amazing night"
eng	positive	"Waiting for the people to call him BIGOT :p  https://t.co/WGvM79ySv1"
eng	positive	"@yezzer It usually is :) Are you doing front or back squats?"
eng	positive	"@BeingSobtian1 it was so much fun really enjoyed it hope next contest will be coming soon :-) :-) :-)"
eng	positive	"Dobar dan :) The Brand New Heavies #musicology2015 #day2 http://t.co/ejDalpfixn"
eng	positive	"@Chileeers looks like a great way to spend a Friday afternoon! Enjoy your marathon on iflix! :)"
eng	positive	"@itsAllieFx If you need someone to talk to, I am always here :) Keep your head up."
eng	positive	"Officially Graduated :D http://t.co/B1jXLiL3Pi"
eng	positive	"I'm so glad! :D Did you cry? ;__; https://t.co/YbgI6MoxnE"
eng	positive	"@Afl2277 thanks. :)"
eng	positive	"@applewriter yep, you *are* an expert on bisexuality :) Good luck!"
eng	positive	"@jiarpi20 minal aidzin yo pi :D"
eng	positive	"@imlexapadilla  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Riverford The plan is: read our brand new cook book and figure out what to make for dinner tonight! :)"
eng	positive	"@snxy lol it's a tough choice tbh i really do like every song, just some more than others :p"
eng	positive	"@JessopJill welcome... :-) :-)"
eng	positive	"chill at SMU oval :D 'Coz I am a of basketball player now. Whahahaha!  #SOAmazing https://t.co/Y3sDCZ6RMk"
eng	positive	"The moment I decide to log onto the account I haven't been on in years is the moment I saw the best thing ever :) http://t.co/pu6B5jodur"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman  A5. If I was a Girl, My Wardrobe would only and only have "W" in it :)) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"new user! :-)"
eng	positive	"@umar_farouk7 Welcome back to #TeamRed :)"
eng	positive	"@emily_etc oh apparently I'm already a member ! Lol! Hopefully be able to come depends on the time !  :D"
eng	positive	"@Kayleigh_A all greatly appreciated! :)"
eng	positive	"@lnnamnd hi! we made some changes in our design, hope you like it :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@makotobio ahhh yes do that! :D"
eng	positive	"7th CinePambata Video Festival: Complete mechanics and official entry form may be downloaded from http://t.co/YaYzAbtHtX. Sali na! :D"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @NdumisoNkosi5"
eng	positive	"@WooDotaMel  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"when ur moms getting u swishers and ur copping Monday :) http://t.co/qEdmlJLRNt"
eng	positive	"My Song of the Week is Ducktails - Surreal Exposure #SOTW https://t.co/BeXVWh7zIR Jingly jangly loveliness! :-)"
eng	positive	"It's the #Halesowen #BlackCountryFair tomorrow! Are any of our followers going? Come and say hello - our stand is on the High Street :-)"
eng	positive	"Good luck to @georgeeJgibsonn in the assessments today! :)  https://t.co/POpXUSh1ab"
eng	positive	"@etherealmind such mental strength! :D"
eng	positive	"@TsMagicCandy Looking beautiful. You have an amazing body. YOu just ooze sex appeal :) xx"
eng	positive	"HOME - AmassiveoverdoseofshipS - http://t.co/2q38loegUq latest vid from up my way..enjoy and visit my site..:)"
eng	positive	"@TheEmblaze @cnni ISIS Chan!! :D"
eng	positive	"@SonyMAX T&amp; C noted :) #PKwalaSawaal"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/uo3T40FtCQ."
eng	positive	"@GemmaPriceUK Thanks for the follow Gemma, and enjoy New Orleans :)"
eng	positive	"@POTUS #fever finally caught up with me \o/ \o/ \o/ .. #GESKenya  #ObamaInKenya #MagicalKenya :-) #GreatKenya #AllGoodThingsKE"
eng	positive	"It is funny, that the next anime that had it, was Umaru :D"
eng	positive	"@sothcott @CaseyBatchelor @BondedByBlood2 great singer too :)"
eng	positive	"@xx_dayan  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@amiibofiguresuk looks like GAME ships to the US again! Got my order in :)"
eng	positive	"she takes over my room &amp; my car once I'm gone cool :) http://t.co/kQxSNy0xK2"
eng	positive	"going to be streaming soon :)"
eng	positive	"@icy_suan thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@valenaty_4ever Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@naqvisahab1   Hahaha everyone has a fun story related to that song. We got labeled as the worst batch by the principal due to it :p"
eng	positive	"@jess_o_lover101 you will get the same stuff like in March. Release that one first before starting a new one :)"
eng	positive	"#FF TOP Twoofs have a Wooftastic Wkend Guys :)  @MerlynTheCollie @BarksBunnies @JessPals  @MollySniffs @WobblyCollie http://t.co/fIYPR3t2Ai"
eng	positive	"@DescentHypnosis Well received but not necessary. :) https://t.co/mRAJMGm0Nm"
eng	positive	"@ayushmannk long time no see :/ where have you been ? :p"
eng	positive	"I'll regret rn tomorrow morning but its whatever :)"
eng	positive	"@BadBoyBunny @Clawzskunk That hat :D"
eng	positive	"@bergsplace @RunJumpScrap @thatchamdad @simplybeingmum @loopyrach @Deardads1979 @mummyvsdaddy @harryshonestmum thank you :)"
eng	positive	"there will never love again in your life there is only a success :)"
eng	positive	"@MikeyyGee_562 @thatdudegalvan_ abstinence :)"
eng	positive	"@samm_amberr Then there will be a few "Wtf this never happened?!!" moments that you may or may not like. But there's a surprise thrown in :D"
eng	positive	"Start middle and finished :) http://t.co/k715EtENT3"
eng	positive	"Im back Twitter.. :-)"
eng	positive	"@JackJackJohnson ended up happy. :)))"
eng	positive	"@marthasydenham @alexxdouglas @wordpressdotcom Lovely stuff. This needs to be repeated, relentlessly, for approximately the next 5 years. :)"
eng	positive	"@Smileformeacc  *hug* you have many :)"
eng	positive	"@RuneScape @OldSchoolRS on OldSchool Runescape :)"
eng	positive	"@ourseasidebaby @MrsRobinsonme Thanks for the shout out! Have a wonderful weekend :)"
eng	positive	"REST DAY!! :) https://t.co/yqaWKHap1i"
eng	positive	"LOVELY DAAAY! :D"
eng	positive	"#JUMMA_MUBARIK &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  to aLL #FrNds  :*            #StaY_BlesseD :) :) :* — feeling blessed"
eng	positive	"I can sense it :)"
eng	positive	"@LittleMissLilia @EmInTrouble Awww, they are pussycats! :-) xx"
eng	positive	"@min0rthreat_ hope everything is going great!! :-) lol"
eng	positive	"@PinkPeoniesBlog @helloprettysa Market on Main just launched in Pretoria. :)"
eng	positive	"'Do I care??' 'I care...' https://t.co/gL6rL6mR70 #fahrinahmad #tengkuaaronshah #eksperimencinta :D"
eng	positive	"Tykkäsin @YouTube-videosta http://t.co/p5dAKaodMx 200sub special!! | 15e PaysafeCard Giveaway!! :) (LUE DESC!!!)"
eng	positive	"2 months waiting and I finally have my @Jack_Septic_Eye hoodie! :) eeeep! Yay! #SoHappyRightNow"
eng	positive	"@FilikIrisha mmmmmm can I c them lovely azz-sets babe :-)"
eng	positive	"@normabattle thx for the feedback. Glad you gained value from it. :)"
eng	positive	"@Michael5SOS good night lovely, I hope you have a peaceful nights rest, and feel refreshed when you wake up, sweet dreams :)"
eng	positive	"@OldManGamin72 I'll never get used to that, but thank you very much. :)"
eng	positive	"@thinkingdifrnt Thanks Manthan! Stay tuned with us :)"
eng	positive	"@blogadda Freshness is the beautiful smile of my mother &amp; the determination to make the most of my day :)  #MaxFreshMove"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/MifDDs7CQS http://t.co/WtIWoeATPj"
eng	positive	"@JamesBourne PLEASE JAMES WHAT YOU THINK OF MY BEAUTIFUL GIRLS ARE THE LONELIEST TATTOO? You have changed my life. :) http://t.co/7ywV5U8sGU"
eng	positive	"Hi ! Girls :).wish you all a Happy #Friday.and a #magnificent #fantastic W/E.@LoriShemek @thebikinichef @AgingBackwards @pilatesbodynyc ♡♥♡♥"
eng	positive	"@rskdance2011 @southasianartuk @Keranjeet we achieved it together! Thank you Rashmi for your time, dedication and complete inspiration!! :)"
eng	positive	"#FF #HappyFriday @szekifer @phattony138 @djchiavistelli @DJ_CharlieD @Paul___Rayner the weekend is nearly here :-)"
eng	positive	"@Biblioticaa I only retweeted :)"
eng	positive	"@naturalsystah It will be updated soon I'm sure. If you sign in you can set up text alerts :) |DA"
eng	positive	"Something new :D http://t.co/3Ftb0woQhM"
eng	positive	"Dang that is some rad @AbzuGame #fanart! :D https://t.co/bI8k8tb9ht"
eng	positive	"@HardcoreGooners @tashagunners @kirstyburns3 @aprilburton21 @liztc2 @Miss_Boots1 @zannatur @NativeNoddy @NatG_22 @Ms_T_P CHEERS #TGIF :-)"
eng	positive	"Massive congrats to Niamh Fennell here :)  Journalism Graduate Lands Dream Job Copying &amp; Pasting Tweets http://t.co/3db8Bj5trk"
eng	positive	"@ice_crystal @Elbow @MeatBingo @govindajeggy Thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 5 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/KfqcXZSVOT."
eng	positive	"@mrkennyt90 Yesss I am thank you :D"
eng	positive	"I have Ariana grande Selena Gomez Louis tomlinson Rita  Liam Payne  Caradelevingne 🌷I trade solo dm :)"
eng	positive	"@DomSequitur tired. But fine :) you??"
eng	positive	"@ohvdqohcdjroc Nope you can definitely still apply for this year if you want to :D #iamCA"
eng	positive	"@ashleylynch @wetsprocket Ah, found it, thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@BOYFI_MW aftie :p"
eng	positive	"Goodmorning :)"
eng	positive	"@AnneMOrbs  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@bjoernknafla @s_whiteant that’s EXACTLY the look I’m going for :D"
eng	positive	"#ProKabaddi Koel Mallick @YourKoel recites the "National Anthem" for @StarSportsIndia On Day-6!!:) http://t.co/ORqau4PvVz"
eng	positive	"#YourNaturalLeaders and #YoungNaturalLeaders Mon27July #Cumbria UK :) @yournaturallead   &amp; #Flockstars Thur30July ITV http://t.co/lYxDIByo2o"
eng	positive	"For most of you it is #GoodMorning but for me it is #GoodNight... #sleeptight for me and #haveagoodday for you!  :)"
eng	positive	"Only one leg on September. So perhaps BB will promote the full album on September :D http://t.co/ZV1HdZB7Nm"
eng	positive	"I still fully intend to write as many game designs as possible while there. And an attack plan for the next 6 months. &gt;:D"
eng	positive	"To all the birds out there, come here and join us for a little fun :) #teamAdmicro http://t.co/35EZmlW16u"
eng	positive	"@theCIGirl @LeRoiHaptalon @stpierjane @HeadwayGsy @cheshiregsy #FridayDownpour - hope it clears for the wkend, have a good one :)"
eng	positive	"time for sleep :)"
eng	positive	"That's three words! But then again, that's what Rohit does to you :D https://t.co/YacazN2T0h"
eng	positive	"@XxGoodGoddessxX you are such a gorgeous queen.... my god :)"
eng	positive	"The long wait is over :) #OTWOLGrandTrailer"
eng	positive	"If you didn't get inspired by the sheer fact that Obama beat innumerable odds to become US President, ni shauri yako :-) #MemoToHaters"
eng	positive	"Everyone should go drop @Pwincessly a follow on her stream :D http://t.co/WMAZJqO51K"
eng	positive	"@nanavisitor  Happy Birthday for sunday! :) Hope you have a great day, lots of pampering and love!"
eng	positive	"@KingCo915 t'was great! thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"i'm going for the cabincrew interview in langkawi this 1st august :) please wish me luck @AirAsia @tonyfernandes http://t.co/EVJx7iu4W4"
eng	positive	"@buzylizzy1 @tlntweets @NutzAudio @LiPSMACKER_UK @instyle_UK @Jewellery4 @InterfloraUK @IcelandFoods @IloveHQ Thank you! You too :D"
eng	positive	"I will fulfil all your fantasies :) 👉 http://t.co/Bp1jrOakrB 👈💖 http://t.co/JtSNMUdpnF"
eng	positive	"@virtuallykaren cool - thanks for thinking of me - hope all is well :-)"
eng	positive	"@jet_cer  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@KrissyDClayton thank you so much babe :D"
eng	positive	"5 ex-twelebs this side please :)"
eng	positive	"@ohsexycyruz thanks bro ! :D x"
eng	positive	"@TomParker have a great day :D"
eng	positive	"Makes so much sense :D LOL"
eng	positive	"@BertolacciTweet .. we wait you :) against @Inter"
eng	positive	"#ff @JaggedEdge1 @MrsHHundal @Hutch_PR @higginsrecruit @KioskAtThePark Have a great weekend all :)"
eng	positive	"@UptownJavin @ChloeeElmoree @Eymvnique family &gt;&gt; friends :)"
eng	positive	"An apartment makeover? http://t.co/ctLa1jppdb great ideas for factory living :)"
eng	positive	"@OrchardTeaRoom @madsenjewellery thanks &amp; you are very welcome, hope it all goes brilliantly.  :)"
eng	positive	"@EmilyBett Happyyyyyy Birthdaaaaayyyy! :-)"
eng	positive	"@momoismail9 come kill it for me :)"
eng	positive	"@ZaloraID hi, im so interested about your internship program. But sadly, I cant access the Career Page. Can u help me with this issue? :)"
eng	positive	"@dischanmedia Its sad to hear about this, thank you so much for the overwhelmingly beautiful games, thank you for your hard work. :)"
eng	positive	"@Murrayyyyyyyy aha yesss! Who are you most looking forward to seeing?:)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday you beauts! :) ♬ #FF @sophieintsticks @catecawley @Jon_Clifton78  @jasmoonbutterfl  @andreasson_ http://t.co/a794A3H7LV"
eng	positive	"@halfwaytohemmo We do love to help! http://t.co/X31Iw7dile :) /E"
eng	positive	"@BionsenBeauty would love to win this deo is faaaaaabulous! :D #FreebieFriday #aluminiumfree #stayfresh xx"
eng	positive	"@MrLythgoe @MeatBingo Yes, and John :)"
eng	positive	"@ithloopwithcoco Thanks!   No worries, I'll navigate to your blog and check it out. :)"
eng	positive	"@zara_arsalan thnks progrmr :-)"
eng	positive	"@lewisssrg92 bet you do! Well I won't be getting any sleep it's a 9pm shift until 9am so it's quit hard work! But thank you :) xx"
eng	positive	"@arabicaah figures :-)"
eng	positive	"@andreaholzner hardly surprising that roses inspire so much emotive poetry :)"
eng	positive	"@R0CKMYDNA followed :)"
eng	positive	"@iFLYflat I joined the @VirginAustralia #FrequentFlyer program :)"
eng	positive	"I always end up breaking down and apologizing when I shouldn't have to. fuck me for being too nice :-))))))))"
eng	positive	"@tonywhittaker Fabulous! Well we hope you all have a great day :-) ^KB"
eng	positive	"@MusicTubenl Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@ignitionphoto You're very welcome. :)"
eng	positive	"@HUNCOY Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@kunal8966 @Uber_Mumbai Did you enjoy the #LondonDairy #Icecream? Share with us the experience. :)"
eng	positive	"@LeahCarla11  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Playacreep I luv urs too :-)"
eng	positive	"@craftbeercoll I have in the past. A hoodie covers a lot of sins. :)"
eng	positive	"@AstonMerrygold bet your excited :) :')  xxxxxxx good luck hope it get to number one"
eng	positive	"@MSLJim You're welcome Jim! Made me chuckle on the train this morning :-) Happy Friday to you too!"
eng	positive	"@KageYashsa Shopping for a bit :p"
eng	positive	"@JadeTheMong agreed haha :p"
eng	positive	"@BakingBar Happy Birthday! We're positive it will be full of cake :)"
eng	positive	"@Nobicate Doh! 500+ Subscribers are needed :) Please let us know once you reached this number."
eng	positive	"@The_ScriptNinja I'm good thanks hope all well with you and yours :-)) xx"
eng	positive	"Dry, hot, scorching summer #FF :) @infocffm @MediationMK @ExeterMediation @KentFMS @EssexMediation"
eng	positive	"@tom_peters @pallavijha Maybe a younger woman has more stamina than you Tom&gt; :)"
eng	positive	"@digestdigital things aren't looking too great here either - can we expect anything less? lol! At least it's the weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Finally get to be in bed. :) good night, tweeties!"
eng	positive	"@anish_kochar @bangaloretrance Thanks guys! :)"
eng	positive	"@alistairbeech FAB! Thank you for your support :)"
eng	positive	"@TurnUpTexas I really dont I love you so much :)"
eng	positive	"#FF follow her --&gt; "@__KaraboM: 10 loners this side please :)"""
eng	positive	"@RiahanneNavarro and a charger :))"
eng	positive	"This is so me :-) http://t.co/9aqyX0UxuV"
eng	positive	"@electricgecko (Introducing a new word vs. altering the understanding of a word) x spreading either = The Big Problem. :)"
eng	positive	"@JAOlivar0731  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"#FF my Wooftastic TWOOFS hope you have a supa dupa weekend :) @MyPackofWolves @Skythegsd @helvellyn @BennyBoygr http://t.co/fIYPR3t2Ai"
eng	positive	"@clivewalker near enough to Dartmoor :)"
eng	positive	"@buymobiles_help I'm gonna stay with the gold colour. Hopefully it will come soon. Thank you anyway :)"
eng	positive	"@Taylor_Marisa Follow back ? :)"
eng	positive	"@ijn_mikky yay ok!!! :D"
eng	positive	"Someday we'll know. :))"
eng	positive	"@Smiling_Girly_  U r my dii n i cant forget my Sis :)"
eng	positive	"Jgh fr. smf &amp; Ft, W/ My girl. &lt;3 :)"
eng	positive	"maybe we can get some japanese import hello kitty matching stationary :)"
eng	positive	"The weekend is drawing close.  What are your plans ? :D http://t.co/ag4r421hF1"
eng	positive	"@peterlizmaher Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" https://t.co/aloXWsqdjh .Plz let us know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"AND HELLO TWITTER, MY ACCOUNT IS BROKEN AGAIN :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @NJES44, thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys – here if you need us :)"
eng	positive	"@DrNomanSheikh nice :)"
eng	positive	"Please follow me back @1DThisIsUs @onedirection :) x *10"
eng	positive	"Hi I want to get connected with you @koreacholics :) as I am planning to come to South Korea"
eng	positive	"@Aremay oh you and your FACTS :p"
eng	positive	"I'd planned to do a nice scamper but I slept through my alarm. For two hours. I suppose I needed the sleep so I ain't mad :)"
eng	positive	"@alanessyahmad Chweina... xD  Jotzh :D Dude... go to school and don't waste your time on twitter."
eng	positive	"@stellaandlouise hiya! Yep our show takes place completely under cover. Worth bringing coat for beforehand tho as FOH is outside :-)"
eng	positive	"@nicagaray thanks!!! :)))))))"
eng	positive	"@alrightPET enjoy your holiday! :D"
eng	positive	"I haven't seen that many 'menacing' since I finished JoJo :D"
eng	positive	"@Susansuzt @SimonBedford Ta, same to you both :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you @LaurieTatum2 as always! At last I’m back on track :) Hope you have a fantastic weekend! :) http://t.co/25fUKonLoM"
eng	positive	"@cotterw @urihoresh we make it better though :-)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/1eaL6SeNnG."
eng	positive	"@DrewJPS accepted. :)"
eng	positive	"@Mhonchi_Savs  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"I have to go now guys. Hope you enjoyed the updates :) Bye [Admin LuKris]"
eng	positive	"Have a lovely day yes. Stay happy. :) 😘 https://t.co/HAiMzAdnHt"
eng	positive	"What a day :)"
eng	positive	"Happy birthday to my momma bear. Love you so much. ❤️ I redid this because I found the last picture from 8th grade :) http://t.co/OkxiraPwXh"
eng	positive	"@NatILY02 K I'll text you tomorrow :-)"
eng	positive	"@Rosiellis im in :) x"
eng	positive	"I love u. :p https://t.co/0zr3VlB5kL"
eng	positive	"@archi7194 nice line :-) :-)"
eng	positive	"Playing V.ball ATM :)"
eng	positive	"Appreciate your recent Retweets ! @SebPoGo @JessicaDelpech @AlexandraJaafar  @JeanDams @raphaelcolas @bylkana Have a great Friday :)"
eng	positive	"@itspatgonzales  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	""Building a product is like packing a suitcase: Plan out what you think you need. Then remove half." Fully agree :)"
eng	positive	"@royvoragen hang-copying A TRANSLATION of Dostoevsky's Notes.. :) @kg_ubu"
eng	positive	"@AdamKuczynski a voucher for... a new bugatti? what's the value? :D"
eng	positive	"Someone loves you. I promise. :)"
eng	positive	"@_Potz_ @RobinAdamsZA @Converse "I know a bra that knows a bra that can get this and that' :D"
eng	positive	"@royatv @FKarsheh @RahafS #مطعم_هاشم yummy :-)  A7la bdayt season :-) mnwreeen :-) :-)"
eng	positive	"@NativeMusic49 but I listen to jazz in my truck. :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x34"
eng	positive	"@TvilleSocialMed can't wait to speak at #PBEvent. See you there. :)"
eng	positive	"Waiting for HQ pic from today to add on to my YoonA x Hairpin = OTP collection :D http://t.co/cGGzwDM6dG"
eng	positive	"#mastership honey ! :D"
eng	positive	"@She_fantastic I paindo don't want to say #follow me :p"
eng	positive	"@IrhaAzzahraa_ @greekgodnjh sure :)"
eng	positive	"@Gxbby182 awesome I await your report :D"
eng	positive	"@lyssafox20 @Manue1Jimenez throwback lol. Manny is still an asshole :))"
eng	positive	"#BrijResidency is a G+6 stories structure with 156 units which encompasses 2 and 3 BHK Flats :D +91 975-580-4444 http://t.co/j1lbGIg4Ll"
eng	positive	".@sajidislam honored to have you here ! :-)"
eng	positive	"@KielixTTV You know you like it :D"
eng	positive	"@Jamelyyyyy  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@ZedDBA It was "Currys". They were close to home. :)"
eng	positive	"The Clash :)) "@prasetyoseven: Milano Calling 👌""
eng	positive	"@ranzkyle followback po :-) :-D"
eng	positive	"@synergymicro_ i legit am you loser, sit down and get gassed :))"
eng	positive	"All my friends 'hi I saw this dead thing and it made me think of you' aww thanks guys! :D"
eng	positive	"@DaManDJ3 speak to @andrewspenceim :-)"
eng	positive	"@vinkaazzahp always for you :)"
eng	positive	"@VikkFollows #StarSquad ⭐ Can I please get a follow? You are awesome! :)"
eng	positive	"@dk_mok Awwww thanks :-) @GalactiChat"
eng	positive	"@evilbluebird @nicole @stevieby @ONETWENTYWATTS @aj_cfc2 @rav_bajwa @CherylynPitcher @steedy58 @SkidKidd @megan_410 Thanks news man.:) UTC"
eng	positive	"Remember that one time I didn't go to flume/kaytranada/alunageorge even though I had tickets? I still want to kms. : ) : )"
eng	positive	"@DamnTurtle1 oh good haha let me know what you think when you can :)"
eng	positive	"@bravefrontiergl thanks 4 give certainty about d problem :) Hope u all could solve faster👊 At least now i know i dont have to hurry 4 totem"
eng	positive	"Off to somewhere later :)))"
eng	positive	"Some good advice for a Friday :) http://t.co/FJUd2N7gmc"
eng	positive	"@lunglock @rhodria @joseyxneko @AnouilhUK @DavidBedwell @StupidFaceRob @QueenOfTheSonic @therealrobcook @KingRichard76 Cheers Alice! :)"
eng	positive	"@Namraeter Here you go: http://t.co/nGJ1vzhsj1, please click on the link and checkout! :)"
eng	positive	"@GoodwynsPetFood Two dogs &amp; One Cat, all good friends :-) #GoodwynsGoodies #FreebieFriday"
eng	positive	"@FooWhiter Ugh. I've never Rt or fade any of your moaning Leeds tweets :)"
eng	positive	"Looking forward to Jozi with you guys :) https://t.co/w47eY93ZIQ"
eng	positive	"@MitchFAS hello :D how are you just found after all this time i wasnt following you till now"
eng	positive	"I THINK THIS IS FROM THEIR FIFTH ALBUM IM :) OKAY :) FUCK :) https://t.co/qzT5Zsm8RE"
eng	positive	"@philconcerts may available tix pa ba ng ATL concert?? Thanks :)))"
eng	positive	"@syedmohdjunaid yeah. I have 20 coldplay songs in my playlist :p I love them. My favorites are The Scientist, Fix You, Yellow and Atlas. :p"
eng	positive	"@4eyedmonk awesome :) I'll be waiting"
eng	positive	"@chandsxc  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@luvjoyein done yein :)"
eng	positive	"@yarnsbaby Haha!!! Receiving a #FF for thing on a Friday is a nice way to start the day :) xx"
eng	positive	"lol! selos :)) https://t.co/X8nV7tp9S8"
eng	positive	"#JabongatPumaUrbanStampede  Ans.7&gt; Timely Arrival :)    @JabongIndia"
eng	positive	"@dreesti  Waiter: here is your bill sir?? Customer: Ok, where is the kitchen?? :D"
eng	positive	"as the title says :D http://t.co/WhTPt07UaY"
eng	positive	"@tmart_m me too! hey it's almost time to visit the city :)"
eng	positive	"So you can keep me inside of pocket of ur wripped jeans :)"
eng	positive	"@soot1978 How beautiful they are!!! :)"
eng	positive	"@iloveseika well haha :D"
eng	positive	"@JessStewart1 @CelebrityCruise @ade_rob  I love Connie,  she's a fabulous ship with an amazing crew and staff. Have a great time :-)"
eng	positive	"@iSweetan Hi Sweetan! It's best to ask @tristanpope :) Have great day and have fun filming!"
eng	positive	"@BBosold  nope :-)"
eng	positive	"@UmiAmaiOfficial That's ok, thanks for following me too. :)"
eng	positive	"@_edmce my mum has been begging me to watch sopranos! i'll watch that too :-)"
eng	positive	"@KidXSA Follow back please :)"
eng	positive	"@Vivienneclore oh, the fun. :)"
eng	positive	"@BigBraMan That's great to hear :D"
eng	positive	"I also #FF #Ukraine :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x33"
eng	positive	"@ollyofficial follow me please Olly :)"
eng	positive	"This is so beautiful :) via disney.arts by the talented elmoprinssi  :) _   Don't forget to… https://t.co/UwsFDaeyzB"
eng	positive	"Bit tired from 3 hours of salsa dancing @LatinMotion last night but definitely worth it. Happy Friday everyone :-)"
eng	positive	"@PiperDonut thanks haha but i only tell the truth to you :):):)"
eng	positive	"@blossominglou yes pls :)))"
eng	positive	"I have gotten at least 3 hours of sleep on the past 4-6 days so the rest of the week should be interesting :) :3 ;)"
eng	positive	"@CCBMLov Thank you. : )"
eng	positive	"Check out my bro @13Mesh 2nd blogiversary! Many more awesome reviews to come :D ... http://t.co/a5xIGzTueL"
eng	positive	"With the top cutie of Bohol :) https://t.co/Jh7F6U46UB"
eng	positive	"@_ayeayecaptain  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@BrizzleLass This is briliant. Was literally just having a conversation about post v email when I saw this :)"
eng	positive	"@ansriram they key word here is "annual". Haven't read anyone writing about that :)"
eng	positive	"A very productive day so far :) Happy Days...!!  :) :) but my head is spinning with things, those voices keep calling..!!! Lol 󾌴"
eng	positive	"@vaninatwilight Yeheyy! thank you so much Pinya!! :) whoooah for the win"
eng	positive	"Good morning dear friends &lt;3 Listen to "I am trance lover" and enjoy :D Happy Friday &lt;3 http://t.co/W7X6ewgfj6"
eng	positive	"What was your favorite subject in school? — PHYSICS :))))))) http://t.co/h8wqtuoP8T"
eng	positive	"@LilyTins congrats :) good news heading into the weekend!"
eng	positive	"@IzabelaCoolCat_ Take my head, I stopped having them. :)"
eng	positive	"@Komal_Indian @SocialitePanda #ब doesn't matter. Jungle can accommodate both :-)"
eng	positive	"@nejcsvete hi! On our shouting out list you are one of the best, what's your secret behind this?:)@AdeccoWaytoWork #SandroForCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@YouTubeActus Swag :D"
eng	positive	"Wait till it's my turn to go mia :-)"
eng	positive	"@KjorObbinsL @wideglide96 @vivijo86 @beingsomebody11 @sophlicious84 @shaymc3796 @ShaymcSharon @ParaJanitor @kelseabellum  thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Having a lovely time 'going with the flow' on this #workinprogress. I love choosing colours :) Just a… https://t.co/13N3WlaWmq"
eng	positive	"@ryan_landreth    No! I love Finnigan :) #Be loyal to my Royal!"
eng	positive	"Fotoset: reusful: seems like somebody had fun today :D http://t.co/jay6beUsFd"
eng	positive	"@MiyaOliva I love you :-)"
eng	positive	"Quit it :)"@_uNeo: You selling it too @Dented_Deni @_uNeo You too young to understand muntu""
eng	positive	"Another gem from today, Falcos cool too :) #supersmash https://t.co/EOydn5TLKr"
eng	positive	"@DeniseDenise__  Good morning #hotnsexy girl. Have an amazing #friskyfriday on the beach :D"
eng	positive	"@JonsCrazyTweets You are very welcome! :D"
eng	positive	"@TheYingster @cristianavai3 @AFCGraMaChroi @Goonerlover69 @iWaveBack Lol it's very tiring being this good looking. :)"
eng	positive	"@chrisjarvis213 Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie :))"
eng	positive	"@LeeCash Glad to hear that's back! If you see anything else crop up let us know :-) ^BA"
eng	positive	"kill :) me :) http://t.co/5kon9Txmf6"
eng	positive	"@bryanteslava how are those pics of Nash coming out? :)"
eng	positive	"@saneliur I make sure to always have tissues, chocolate and tea for every #Hannibal episode :) It just doesn't work any other way for me :)"
eng	positive	"Contact us today and we'll get you out of the city into a 'hotbed' in a bush somewhere :) #ClassicAssures"
eng	positive	"@AguilerArmenia Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/UAIOTsdqvG."
eng	positive	"@Aditi_SoSaree glad that you liked . Check some more nice stuff at #WSaleLOve :) @WforWoman"
eng	positive	"@ChaSilveo  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"We are thrilled to be on our first international assignment as aerial camera operators....Wales here we come #Boom : ) Never forget to smile"
eng	positive	"Friday Night in Hong Kong... On the Ferry to "Central" to meet new girlfriends for an after-work drink  :-) ....... http://t.co/j9oH0pJSfr"
eng	positive	"Family time :D (at Dj Resto) — https://t.co/hjAiIIsq2S"
eng	positive	"Good morning :)) — drinkt koffie"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman  A6. If I was a Girl, My Wardrobe would only and only have "W" in it :)) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"@purplestar420 Is that Stargate Atlantis? Such a cool show :)"
eng	positive	"Great! Muaahhh :))) https://t.co/CZfjnK8IfU"
eng	positive	"@seashoponline ohh. Hii :) haha. thanks for the info. I'll check again. 🙈 or maybe di nagsend yung order form ko &lt;/3 haha thanks ulit :)"
eng	positive	"@Little_Nells happy birthday :)🎉🎈"
eng	positive	"There is no TRUST without 'us' but there is no UGLY without 'u' :-)"
eng	positive	"Leggete qui per la chat Larry :) -Mar http://t.co/gEj5b3qPqS"
eng	positive	"@louliveswell Have you encouraged your employer on board (http://t.co/sczAWaxEW0) or stuck a poster up (http://t.co/J024E6Dwvk)? :)"
eng	positive	"@hectorparr0123 @hackadayio Sticker came with my sponsor prize for @HackadayPrize entry http://t.co/BnyB8BteW3. The tablet is my own :)."
eng	positive	"@Real_Liam_Payne goodnight liam ! I hope you had a fantastic day today (: sweet dreams baby I love you will all of my heart :D xx."
eng	positive	"@Chewy_Lemon Oh yeah, because Milo, Aurini and Juicebro are the fucking pillars of their respective communities. :D"
eng	positive	"Yeah boii! Look what arrived in the post this morning! The latest #SmashingBook5 it's my new bible :D @smashingmag http://t.co/1E7cfAtEVd"
eng	positive	"Ill be better soon. :) — feeling sick"
eng	positive	"@Dorky06 LAMO , At first i will fangirl so hard .. then i'd love to share you some platonic pics :D JUST YOU KNOW FOR SCIENCE"
eng	positive	"Morning........it's FRIDAY!  Happy Friday beautiful people :)  #Smile"
eng	positive	"@mr__cooke @CCWeekUK Thank you! We're set to have another great day supporting the #community &amp; helping #residents :-) #servicewithasmile"
eng	positive	"@calllmejay_ sounds good to me :) I'll see you Saturday ✨"
eng	positive	"Live night with two fams :) #bloodline #huskies"
eng	positive	"@CorderMrs you're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"The picture I'd like to see in my obituary advert :) #goofingaround #madness #mad #bollywood… https://t.co/7tyUragh2H"
eng	positive	"@WhirlpoolBathUK lovely giveaway! :) #FreebieFriday"
eng	positive	"@roofbsuzy @roofyuna @roofsinb @roofchaelin @roofaim @roofjackson  dah move on :))"
eng	positive	"There's nothing as cool as being totally over someone, No bitterness, anger or hatred towards them. Just pure indifference :)"
eng	positive	"when u wake up at 4 AM and the suite life of Zach and Cody is on :))))!!!!!!"
eng	positive	"@rich_bartram29 Oh, didn't know :) But yes, you can have an order delivered to your work address, once it's added to your address book ^AC"
eng	positive	"Achieving excellence in Music as a Music Producer is a Mind Boggling &amp; Fatiguing Job... Baareeq... :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@bexlittle @AlisonWright8 @lindyrendy @Cloud2ltd @DotNetSolutions love it thanks for sharing :)"
eng	positive	"@Kkiimmeenngg  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@mobiadage @GameDevRobot my #gamedev is a hobby :)"
eng	positive	"@AvantikaSeeth @mandisatweets @santherlabelle yes yes yes... I am in :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you :) "@Clicks_SA: Tweenie_Fox Hi, please click here for a list of our hair accessories &amp; products http://t.co/dunT1DuopC""
eng	positive	"Sometimes you're just tamang hinala. :) https://t.co/blnolTbXEY"
eng	positive	"@RoyalMail I'm following now :)"
eng	positive	"@wonkASSLILO hello babe, you got Niam access?? Could I give you something for a ship dm with them ? :)"
eng	positive	"Selfieeeee :) https://t.co/R9soIqZXYZ"
eng	positive	"Especially for three of you, LASS :) w/ Aling http://t.co/aRwmTLsFZr"
eng	positive	"Hi #Gorgeous @TillieModel have  a nice swim with your sis!! Can I get a #Birthday shout out please it would make my day?? #Perfection :) xx"
eng	positive	"@Linduhhh9 @doloresssvee there it is haha hope I don't got work tho.. Bout to quit if I do :p"
eng	positive	"@77kaylee77 goodbye, don't forget that it was feminists that fought for your right to act like a snobby little bitch :-) goodnight!!!!"
eng	positive	"@JamieForevs  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"CAROLINE, Caroline all the guys say she's mighty fine 🔥 I threw up a little making this :-)) HBD ❤️ @Carolineking0 http://t.co/ttPeupXf44"
eng	positive	"@FC_TEAMJK3T follback :)"
eng	positive	"Time for jogging :p"
eng	positive	"@GET_TUDA_CHOPPA from all over the place I hope :) I’m a pro at remote work AND traveling ;)"
eng	positive	"Newly listed in my EBay store :-)... http://t.co/Ee1j2ohmgu"
eng	positive	"The new #disneyinfinity #starwars characters look amazing preorder the starter pack in store today :D http://t.co/sbbmbDR6us"
eng	positive	"@Parulcoolthougs I'm here if you want to talk :)"
eng	positive	"I always tweet hit me or snap me... no one ever does but its worth a try :)"
eng	positive	"The homies bought me skins for my bday :D"
eng	positive	"@awadkum - Just chant Jai Italy 100/times fast. :)) @BJP4India @AmitShahOffice @narendramodi"
eng	positive	"Heeeeyyy. Can all of you follow my fan account? @KINGT0MLINS0N   Thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"@leonrestaurants in the UK :)"
eng	positive	"@JEDIEV11 thank you!! :D"
eng	positive	"@Blahkumaran woah! nice nice!! :-)"
eng	positive	"@cuteHiddlesmile u are welcome :-) ♥"
eng	positive	"@lucahollic good and you ? :)"
eng	positive	"And here's @mayankw14's ★★★★ review: http://t.co/wNVIPDDRe6 Phew! We're literally overwhelmed. :)"
eng	positive	"@PatoFer222 Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@Anaateresaa_ you &amp; the baby😊😊😊 next time , it's my house ! I have it whenever :)"
eng	positive	"@TfLWaystoPay got it, thanks g :)"
eng	positive	"@jonathanhobbs71 Have you encouraged your employer on board (http://t.co/sczAWaxEW0) or stuck a poster up (http://t.co/J024E6Dwvk)? :)"
eng	positive	"@MsKristinKreuk Hugs ang Kisses from the philippines :)"
eng	positive	"I've entered to WIN a huge @BlueMicrophones package from @CazuaLLUK &amp; @Marzbargaming :) ENTER HERE: https://t.co/yRlT7jltqP #Giveaway"
eng	positive	"@Jim_Edwards yes, it works now :)"
eng	positive	"@reyes_reynaldoz  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @BridgeHouseThel , great to connect. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys – here if you need us :)"
eng	positive	"@juanchavarin52 @taliagarcia__ yeah so you can bruise my rib again :-)"
eng	positive	"@PallaviRuhail @BhaktisBanter #FlipkartFashionFriday 😀😁😂😃😄😅😉 No No won't give dear don't worry :)"
eng	positive	"#TombRaider #hype thought you might like this @MelonieMac :D http://t.co/aXxprx1PRz"
eng	positive	"Oh Me Oh Me Oh my its #TheJuiceInTheMix @POTUS rela @talliaoyando in the building :) @HomeboyzRadio @DJBashKenya"
eng	positive	"Low priority match :) hahaha"
eng	positive	"@dxuntlesslarry fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@HelpingGroupDms I want Harry Dm bc I wanna give a surprise to my friend for her birthday. I just wanna make her happy :)"
eng	positive	"Is now not an opportune time 2 collapse chaotic Cosas? &lt;--- note the alliteration :-)  @NomalangaSA @barrybateman @AndileMlondo"
eng	positive	"@sungjookxm going well oppayaa! How's yours? :D"
eng	positive	"@khalidALSALEM @Azizsm_ we did our best, as you want body :)"
eng	positive	"#NatGeo new show U can't lick ur elbow. .seems interesting....:)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 7 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/C6u8lINDwD."
eng	positive	"“@MileyCyrus: Emu is stoked thank you :) http://t.co/l5Xyt9EM6G” @creampuffshinee"
eng	positive	"Woke up yo @trentowers fav' my tweet this made my day :))) now just @luketurner89 😂😂 http://t.co/oGw5sVij7G"
eng	positive	"Remember, you don't need people's approval when you have God's approval. :-)"
eng	positive	"and jisung is the kid sunshine :)  https://t.co/LBjXDWIAPE"
eng	positive	"@TheLlamaverse mm okay thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"@noodles78 Message us right here Nicola and we can forward this on :) Brighten up our day :D Helen"
eng	positive	"@_dreyaniks  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@sunofsides CONGRATS :)"
eng	positive	"@gunnersx4 Hi Brian I'll  get it shipped today for you and it can take between 2-3 weeks to Australia. Many thanks :) http://t.co/IBoe0e1aXt"
eng	positive	"@JanPrince63 @AWonderBall was good fun at the time but the ol' bones are now a creaking :)"
eng	positive	"@Mokhenerale Eh abUtI, WelcOmE to TweetLand.....Lol :p"
eng	positive	"@davidc79 thx! And Android support in by Xmas :)"
eng	positive	"@phedran A great Skyblock stream too. :)"
eng	positive	"this is why im standing and always being a Belieber :) its all bcause of him @justinbieber 2009 until Die :)"
eng	positive	"@BOHEffy I am streaming now on Twitch Join :D http://www/twitch.tv/lockedbeast1"
eng	positive	"@BRBCODY it was a.. sympathy laugh :)"
eng	positive	"@huskar_nana who would you like? :) xo"
eng	positive	"@DrtyChimichanga Awesome! :D"
eng	positive	"@kimtaaeyeonss unnieeee!!!:)"
eng	positive	"Tonight is the Night ... :) #nuka #penacova #djset #free #EDM #kizomba #latinhouse #HouseMusic #portugal2015 #summer http://t.co/m5WqWKfqs3"
eng	positive	"@moonlight69 well you're in for a wild ride &gt;:D"
eng	positive	"@TokyoTantra Hahaha tell me anytime you wanna taste it! oh, with yer address to send it :)"
eng	positive	"@mtnza @mtn8 thanks team yellow :) #MTN8"
eng	positive	"@Acsxy Maganda. You look very pretty with short hair. cute. :D"
eng	positive	"@MistressSaphire Good morning to you, gorgeous Mistress Saphire :)"
eng	positive	"@Aware_GinGi I'm at work and I'm busy, so I will help you once I finish and im at home :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks to amazing 4000 Followers on Instagram If you´re not among them yet, feel free to connect :-)... http://t.co/ILy03AtJ83"
eng	positive	"Coconut Sambal Mussels Recipe :-) http://t.co/FSfkpOwTpS"
eng	positive	"Thanks Kalin :) http://t.co/ihELksfJjT"
eng	positive	"Follow @JaHz73 on Mixcloud :)  https://t.co/HviVk8rMmp"
eng	positive	"@L0MLHES fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@implodingpika Thankyou ! Greetings from Australia :)"
eng	positive	"@MIKEYGEE110 I cant work out if this is sarcasm or not :), i know some Chelsea supports think hes useless but when he comes on he does ok."
eng	positive	"@IBePyari follow back :)"
eng	positive	"@aubreysablan I come back next Thursday!! We can still hang out :-) hehe she said hi love u"
eng	positive	"@shaunamanda2012 Benson is gorgeous!! Thank you so much for sharing him with us :) You can also enter on our Facebook too..."
eng	positive	"@ItsLukeEv you look a solid 16/17 :)"
eng	positive	"Great night! :D"
eng	positive	"@primavera_bella 30°C 😜 so we just should change for few days and all is good :)))"
eng	positive	"Add me on Snapchat - MaryHicks18 #snapchat #kikmeboys #photooftheday #fuck #chat #musicbiz #sheskindahot :) http://t.co/plFpD86iEq"
eng	positive	""fleekile mbalula", he said. i repeat, i love my south africa. :)"
eng	positive	"when your friend is making fun of the fact that your mexican so you hurt his feelings that'll leave him scarred for life :)"
eng	positive	"@SophiaDelPizzo it's my office today :)"
eng	positive	"@jeremygutsche we like this amazing donut recipe! we share with #foiegras lovers! :)"
eng	positive	"Despite the weather today the wedding is going to be beautiful :)"
eng	positive	"Where Was Tony Stark? :) - From Incredible Tony Pictures http://t.co/uwhGYM0BWb http://t.co/pHp6OcHlXH"
eng	positive	"To sit and write poems or stories that's been bubbling in my head~ :)"
eng	positive	"Last night :))) http://t.co/8EDHMc2tiJ"
eng	positive	"@EmilySmith_91 Dale send a billion kiss to her :) Have a magical day!"
eng	positive	"@mcllary That might work :) Have a great weekend. \OP"
eng	positive	"Smile, it's #friday :) #TGIF #weekend http://t.co/L6KxKEAl75"
eng	positive	"i will not cast my vote in next elections :) #JCReport"
eng	positive	"@PebbleHelp Have done! Thank you for your tweet :)"
eng	positive	"@JILLCLARK1808 @BigAl_lfc @SuePeace1 @michell47881905 @Bevanns @susanhorgan1 Oh piggin just go will yer, give us some peace :)"
eng	positive	"@alElizabeth Appreciate the follow :) have you heard of our botanical soaps?"
eng	positive	"@Ashton5SOS @5SOS love u 2 :-)"
eng	positive	"Late upload. Freshly done/3weeks old healed. :)"
eng	positive	"@Im_MsKittenns oh. I was in bed haha. I can't sleep though. My day was too exciting :)"
eng	positive	"@TOBMAST3R @inspchin @koeitecmoeurope @TanikoHorigome @GoldxFierce @Kronin1 @Addictrian @chako33 @MatthewRumple thx Tobi-bro! :D"
eng	positive	"@nikimcglynn How good is that! I think it was my first ISP too! :)"
eng	positive	"@tessasmith4evr @BlueBellEMS we'll steel some from the @BlueBellEMS next Wednesday and see what it's like!:)"
eng	positive	"hey there :)"
eng	positive	"@camerondallas definitely loves making people smile cause I swear since I met him earlier, I haven't stopped smiling :) i love you cam 😭❤️"
eng	positive	"@SabihaMahmoud ... except for her Lord, masha'Allah :)"
eng	positive	"@NeilWhoreAnn some French fans made a movie about the WWAT in France last year with our videos and photos :)"
eng	positive	"@max_pen1 It has been fixed, thanks for your feedback :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks to everyone who came to the stream :D Hope you guys enjoyed. Night all!"
eng	positive	"@siddichan @Twitch YAAAAAAAAY thx :)"
eng	positive	"Looking forward to reviewing ours :-)  https://t.co/y8SUBXjqXk"
eng	positive	"Thank you Beiruting :)"
eng	positive	"@coolkidsftnjh fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for updating your profile page @AlexaPoppe :-)  http://t.co/JK3NSXIRMe"
eng	positive	"Lovely coffee :) @CoffeesToGo1"
eng	positive	"Here's a cute panda to make your day! :) http://t.co/zCaWqrjSvr http://t.co/FuZNhjGWD7"
eng	positive	"@x0lovestephi thank you eonnie :))"
eng	positive	"@stokebrisbane Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" https://t.co/CFl0s5hwWw .Plz let us know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"@Polished_teeth my favourite too! :) @ciatelondon Cream Soda :)"
eng	positive	"I love my body, when it's fuller, and shit, even when it's not lol. I'm just happy to be healthy :) happy to be happy.. 💓"
eng	positive	"Rettweet :-) http://t.co/l6T0rx7bEf"
eng	positive	"@DianaaOrtizz the real MVG (MOST VALUABLE GIRLFRIEND) for staying up with me till the Madrid game starts :-)"
eng	positive	"@OLX_OHayoung96 sore ya :)"
eng	positive	"@tmhcuddly I'm so excited, we should definitely meet up :)"
eng	positive	"@morriskid are you coming to Bergerac?  Have the first team left any u21's I'd know of? #checking for chants :-)"
eng	positive	"@rizwanism :) just a choice of food. Left to the individuals."
eng	positive	"@VickiCartagena The episode is excellent so far.:-) I love Adam Beach's movies &amp; shows.I'm looking forward to seeing Suicide Squad next year"
eng	positive	"Growing very fond of Christopher, didn't like him initially because he was cocky and didn't really prove it but his attitude's improving :D"
eng	positive	"@GlenOcsko sounds good! Can you DM me your email address? Will suggest some dates for a coffee! :)"
eng	positive	"@forlodge1 It is indeed - many thanks :-)"
eng	positive	"Just smile even your in Pain :) http://t.co/AxTiqf0xek"
eng	positive	"Hi happys!!:) http://t.co/AGiLlxJdbi"
eng	positive	"Funny. Intelligent, strong and funny. Just funny... :-) https://t.co/IqJwYRF52C"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @me1campbell"
eng	positive	"@mokwepa no, other than it using Cs :)"
eng	positive	"you ever watch certain people's snapchat over and over again, bc i know i do :-)))"
eng	positive	"@IbnNabih1 that's all ok I know your busy :)"
eng	positive	"Last 2 exams :)"
eng	positive	"forgot u were up. :)))  https://t.co/Or6eATWDjm"
eng	positive	"Fun fact: I love meeting new people :)"
eng	positive	"@jaseygalore I know the home-based office busy feeling :-) Pity about your knee - what happened?"
eng	positive	"SALE FLEUR DRESS CREAM #Readystock_hijabmart IDR 325.000 ====&gt; IDR 200.000 :) http://t.co/AGp51NQMbS"
eng	positive	"@pprabha014 Thankyou :)"
eng	positive	"@fernandeznoemi4  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Is Tompolo meeting aimed at stopping the sale of the oil that we cannot find buyers for? :D"
eng	positive	"@Centerfxld that's true, @johngreen doesn't disappoint! Looking forward to Paper Towns? :)"
eng	positive	"That's all I need to know, is that everything is going to be okay :-)"
eng	positive	"@LTBeautyBlog @FDNCoffee I say less slacking &amp; getting cracking :)"
eng	positive	"@JulieWestern I don't know the name but it is particularly striking. Happy days :)"
eng	positive	"@misshollylou Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)  http://t.co/ipJ2yOiGet"
eng	positive	"@DeewaniVeronica 31* My Bad Mam :p"
eng	positive	"@FrancesBeeton Lovely looking cake, bet it tastes good too :-)"
eng	positive	"FeyTyaz Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@dalenaha1 so I found this last night, lets just say there was an instant stiffening of my interest :) https://t.co/sw5O1Bz4y9"
eng	positive	"Rettweet :-) http://t.co/zBOvLw0y5S"
eng	positive	"@CHUBANHES fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Rettweet :-) http://t.co/CGTjR664Kj"
eng	positive	"ricky_febs Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"Got Secrets of Grindea, Courier of the Crypts and possibly some Arma 3 to record today..... Gosh! And a new game that looks like Limbo :)"
eng	positive	"@siaramelatienza  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@MyriadPhoto  thanks for retweeting @madsenjewellery orchard art show, have a super weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Karachi ka Venice after rains :) @rizz_javaid “@JaagAlerts: Several parts of Karachi witness accumulated rain water,http://t.co/Wionr1evBo”"
eng	positive	"maroon cocktail dresses http://t.co/Ioj5YzNRwu #MidiDresses for @filipinaniah :) http://t.co/Vj1U5fIzBw"
eng	positive	"@IamPatmae_ fback po? :)"
eng	positive	"0-100 real quick :)"
eng	positive	"@Iron_Vein Morning! : ) Mine is 1100D. Usually auto-focus. I only use manual for  really close up like shooting veins on crackle glaze. :)"
eng	positive	"the new layout looks bomb! :-)  -g"
eng	positive	"Thanks for connecting @garrowlscq Hope you're having an Great Day!  Have a social/website question? Just ask :-)"
eng	positive	"@Tweetnesian pake :)"
eng	positive	"@gabrielaliuw hi we made some changes in our design, hope you like it :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"joim me while I feed the troops. :) https://t.co/ZlcsRuUpPY via @audioBoom"
eng	positive	"Any brands wanting me to review BEAUTY products on my blog? mail me at: ladolcevitainluxembourg@hotmail.com #prrequest #journorequest :)"
eng	positive	"The_MadStork Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@SSalchli Good luck, Shaun! :)"
eng	positive	"@madziucha_5 yes he is :)"
eng	positive	"Anyone who wants to be added to the bot just DM me!! :) #bot"
eng	positive	"@ChloeGMoretz Chloe I watched "Let me in" yesterday and you were really awesome! Really talented and intelligent actress, beautiful too! :)"
eng	positive	"@hesfallenangel could i get some free solo  dms? Any to give away? :) xoxo"
eng	positive	"@TripVerse @outboundapp thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Hola juan.. sending you a big Hi from Houston tx! :) I've been a fan of jenni  and the family for year's.  I stumble upon a video of you"
eng	positive	"@padaleckbye. No prob.nice choker btw :)"
eng	positive	"@seoulsjin @seouljins seouljins :) both are fine tbh"
eng	positive	"Photoset: sadomasochistsparadise: Wynter bottoms- and an outtake :) Sadomasochist’s Paradise Cuties http://t.co/GNW1lwjFK1"
eng	positive	"You make my day by just smiling :)"
eng	positive	"@ghostkidluke fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@itsRebeccaRayne :D ty bby!"
eng	positive	"Please enjoy this clip of me losing my shit during cypher :) http://t.co/8FIyPQ6kkn"
eng	positive	"@athrawestokio @AdeccoWaytoWork @AdeccoJapan next week, i will be at my office ! so lets go :)"
eng	positive	"@DanielCWest thank you for following me :D"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/e644DJI0zw."
eng	positive	"@purehaire Amen. Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x32"
eng	positive	"@shyayen  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@DrenchinWine @2fai @Chompu_Kusuma paper girl :D"
eng	positive	"@gculloty87 I know would of been lovely to have her in that pic :)) x"
eng	positive	"@adnanCad Planted people are allowed to do any thing and every thing :p"
eng	positive	"@mRpOrTeR7 "This Corner" is so fucking Dope!! Getting addicted to it.. Great Job :D"
eng	positive	"My bby gurl :) http://t.co/S0IiU35MWw"
eng	positive	"Hey hey :D"
eng	positive	"@NickTheBullsFan @CashNastyGaming still suck at editing but if this turns into something special I owe it to you guys :)"
eng	positive	"@ayokejkt Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@daannymoncada @breannelaflare YOU'RE UGLY DANIEL, is it good ape?:)"
eng	positive	"Happy bday @Cinemainmygenes  Saar.... Have a great year ahead... :)"
eng	positive	"@LucyLu_xx Thought you might! I saw it and I loved the verse. The butterfly part was just a bonus :)."
eng	positive	"Thank you :-))) OK  Have fun!! @anvy2446 @4HUMANITEEs @SexyAF12 @kikbella @adasamper @RachelLFilsoof Enjoy day u all http://t.co/5Y5OAESAzv"
eng	positive	"well. good morning. :D"
eng	positive	"@palakspatel would you follow me?:)"
eng	positive	"Busy, productive day filled with a few tears, but hours and hours of laughter. Today was a good day. :)"
eng	positive	"@17bljpk hi. You have 5sos tickets?? Dm me :)"
eng	positive	"Yummmyyy.... :-) — eating dosa"
eng	positive	"@bbcdoctorwho so do I :D"
eng	positive	"@MegLovesGames its probably easier to meet at the station? Unless you particularly want to show me your house? :)"
eng	positive	"A Huge &amp; Warm Welcome to @VodkaBlond :-))"
eng	positive	"ACHI!!!! Im busy next week because of our exams. Hope you understand that I cant tweet youuu, Bawi ako queenesther! :) @esthercarodan"
eng	positive	"@LeeMcKenzieTV Looking sharp :-)"
eng	positive	"@xWinnerMino yess im 1 year younger than u :-) no wonder youre huge boy"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/ilDzDRHf9d http://t.co/VTXNFCPFuI"
eng	positive	"Ha! All in one picture :-) http://t.co/IgLPwLvSfz"
eng	positive	"@Galatasaray @Podolski10 is ready :) #Poldi #Cimbom"
eng	positive	"@LuvSocial_Media Thanks for the share :)"
eng	positive	"@LOSTCHILLHORAN fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@24f567234e3c410  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@graphure Happy birthday buddy! :D"
eng	positive	"@waterrat77 Thank you :-)"
eng	positive	"*sigh* "@Whykaysbeauty: Bruhhh“@Dopjones: Call me daddy one more time :)”""
eng	positive	"@ArianeBeeston Communal knowledge! :)"
eng	positive	"probably gonna be some @playrust though :D"
eng	positive	"@mdokha Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Let us know if you have any questions :) 1TB would be amazing!"
eng	positive	"@AdeptGroupLtd @TWBC_Business @TechLystics @TLB73 @SynergeeLtd @PerkPearl Many thanks. Happy Friday everyone :)"
eng	positive	"You are very welcome! :-) https://t.co/XsZ9MciY2r"
eng	positive	"As if bank credit departments weren't bad enough, ANZ has gone to the extreme of offshoring theirs!!! Absolutely classic :-) #gottolovebanks"
eng	positive	"@DrRamcharan55 :) &amp; yup will In-shaa-Allah make dua for u &amp; fr all of us to see thru the hatreds &amp; move towards truth. Aameen All the (4/5)"
eng	positive	"I Like Coca Cola , I Love Fanta , I dream about Pepsi and Die for Sprite they alls very sweeeeeeeety ♡♥♡♥ :-) ;-) :-D http://t.co/gUUlxAs9En"
eng	positive	"@SlightlySalty_ is a good witness :-)"
eng	positive	"#welcomeTweet @VortexiK13 @urbndictionaryy @noralewis25 hi! thanks for following! just ask for a follow back :-) via http://t.co/ubXKOjpBez"
eng	positive	"#PSYGustoKita good afternoon :)"
eng	positive	"The dream gaming setup part 2 is finished :D http://t.co/dEHgEeUIEm"
eng	positive	"@BarbaraNadel @KirkdaleBooks Definitely :)"
eng	positive	"@superkrispydj thanks :-)"
eng	positive	"@beamillerqs make ur dms open pls !! i have some questions to ask hehe :)"
eng	positive	"Wet feet welcome @IOWOpenStudios no carpet to,worry about :) http://t.co/q1zK66SmNi"
eng	positive	"You're a judgmental hypocritical narcissist :-)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter @PallaviRuhail Another jumpsuit... bt in denims...:) #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/gMfG27Hmrt"
eng	positive	"@RX931 Verge by Owl City! Thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@NECCMatthew also, sometimes a nice break from seeing constant tweets about one subject is welcomed :)"
eng	positive	"#ff @CapeLondonWine @stanstedchamber @iconic_pr @Its_an_airline @Martelsbusvill Have a great day everyone :-)"
eng	positive	"@jefhong12_21  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"hey mom i hit a home run :)"
eng	positive	"@siavashhnr haha :) How are you, Sia?"
eng	positive	"@kath_patel We're counting on it! :) ^MM"
eng	positive	"@begbie4017 @heathersmusical What a brilliant parent teacher interview!! Finding out those wonderful things about your talented girl!! :))"
eng	positive	".@FileClickPrint Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful Friday :) #FF"
eng	positive	"@DrRamcharan55 u started the comparative religion rant as well :) after all ur a STUDENT of it. I guess the last benchers probably (1/5)"
eng	positive	"In the Porsche paddock at #BudapestGP and I found out #JohnyHerbert from @SkySportsF1 is rolling with us this weekend! :) #PorscheSuperCup"
eng	positive	"Waking up to nice weather, Koyal 's melodies An unexpected surprise to create memories!  @blogadda 'Freshness' makes my day :) #MaxFreshMove"
eng	positive	"17 science students this side please :)"
eng	positive	"35 more eps until I catch up wirh arc v!!! : )"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x31"
eng	positive	"@iMartyn Happy birthday! Didn't know wolves had birthdays :)"
eng	positive	"@TeknoGadyet Thanks for sharing this! :)"
eng	positive	"@RefSRK18 May Allah fulfill our one n only desire....ameen :)"
eng	positive	"#KCA #VoteJKT48ID HelpingGroupDms: quote tweet with a dm you really want and I'll surprise a few of you :)"
eng	positive	"@marshyymiullow you have a weird DP, you know? :p"
eng	positive	"@alphatecheating @GasManGod wife and 2 kids? Poor you. :-)"
eng	positive	"@BANGMELIAMM fback? :)"
eng	positive	"I NEED A LIFE :)"
eng	positive	"@Jeandysanglay  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@tracychua16 @xaaanshine  chicks :)"
eng	positive	"@Ripap70 Hi ;-) If you want a free guide use the ZonzoFox App using this link http://t.co/PSbF2rELHn Have a nice stay :-)"
eng	positive	"Thank You @yadavakhilesh Bhaiya. :-) https://t.co/GZoWXWxEEN"
eng	positive	"@tehreemabbas13  Thank you brother :)"
eng	positive	"@Candiferslaw Lucky dog I hate you....    :)"
eng	positive	"@Author_Patty @dhinakaranjbraj Patty! :-)"
eng	positive	"@xwing_t65 I will definitely post about it in my blog! :) It's such an elaborate project and I am doing thing I never did before."
eng	positive	"Planning a trip to Kuching? Enjoy special room rate only at Merdeka Palace Hotel &amp; Suites with PLUSMiles card! :) http://t.co/KwlZtWSREM"
eng	positive	"@vedahhh glad to be of service it's kinda what I do :) hahahaa"
eng	positive	"@FroudRS @Mini_Marm  i mean New,  Nex still safe in GWD  :D"
eng	positive	"Whom do you really love? — i love all who did the same thing to me :) http://t.co/qpSlKbIHio"
eng	positive	"shes not a nice girl trust me :) — okok i trust u &lt;3333 http://t.co/37yWMi8TES"
eng	positive	"cause u know ur wrong :) fucking idiot https://t.co/HQl4NjOeSh"
eng	positive	"Chaerin unnie : )"
eng	positive	"@ParentingWT It's great that we have that as a very viable alternative nowadays. :)"
eng	positive	"@ryancavalier glad we could help, I will make sure to pass your comments on and thank you for the lovely tweet :) - IP"
eng	positive	"The Tombow ABT has arrived :) https://t.co/LD6CXQyKwI"
eng	positive	"@IRagunton Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"happy FriYAY, happy followers :-) xxx ♥"
eng	positive	"@KayOddone Kinda smug to know we were doing all that stuff at Marrickville Public over ten years ago :-)"
eng	positive	"I have loved you since we were eighteen @iqbaale :)"
eng	positive	"A perfect triangle will win the ball game. :) #AUvsSSCR  #NCAASeason91"
eng	positive	"@TravelWTheSmile thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Morning :) The Kills - Future Starts Slow http://t.co/KS7bml93WH"
eng	positive	"I'm Trying to make ice chocolate coffee popsicles, it's so soft that will melt in your mouth :) perfect for hot day"
eng	positive	"Thankyouuu Dianna :D"
eng	positive	""ngga usah dipikirin elah" you can't easily say that to someone who's an entp :) the T is there for a reason"
eng	positive	"Smile every day :)"
eng	positive	"@iamValC @keodancer @SashaFarber killin it! Meme worthy @EmmaSlaterDance? @Dance10Jenna :) Cool shot of @Dance10Alan! http://t.co/hK74TOBM1u"
eng	positive	"@fynemo emon : )"
eng	positive	"What is it with this country, first sign of a decent outdoor rave and it pisses down all day :) I've had to pack... http://t.co/22zYFK8doG"
eng	positive	"@Stacyyy24 Happy Birthday :)"
eng	positive	"@akijuneja I'm glad you like our services. Happy shopping with us :) ^DV"
eng	positive	"@LARRYNGTONDO fback? :)"
eng	positive	"wow finally aku bakal liat kak merry di tv for the first time :D"
eng	positive	"@patrenganneng  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Post a pic of your outfit for today with the hashtag---&gt; #FashionFriday :) will be uploading them later today on my blog, join in on the fun"
eng	positive	"@KuljuTommi @nathaliea1010 Thank you. I always wanted to see it from that angle.Nelson would be proud :)"
eng	positive	"@silvslee lol go! It's cheap right now :)"
eng	positive	"@FeistyPixxi me too :)"
eng	positive	"Enjoy a cute baby panda! :) http://t.co/jR8aDEjWf8 http://t.co/s03QS5q4l7"
eng	positive	"@TheBodyShopIND #MyMonsoonStory TEA TREE SKIN CLEARING LOTION - as Moisturizing the skin is very important during monsoon :)"
eng	positive	"@chelsea_acker WHOOP WHOOP! :-) #quacketyquack http://t.co/Or9w6eqCiM"
eng	positive	""@Real_Liam_Payne yeah thanks @zaynmalik for being so romantic and I love you too baby ! :)""
eng	positive	"Are you in #Valencia this #weekend? Enjoy it!! :) https://t.co/U3EFde4xuH http://t.co/7R0UYDariZ"
eng	positive	"@bwoyblunder @rajudasonline Sorted :). Thanks. Daaru party in my chaddi, bros."
eng	positive	"Beginning of Line-up :) It is left for the line-up (y) https://t.co/aYaCd8aIPb http://t.co/APoKT3tTnA"
eng	positive	"i don't know how you feel about me which means means i don't know how to act around you :))(("
eng	positive	"@write2kill Ha ha :-) I guess I was being polite."
eng	positive	"@thatbrooke thanks so much :-)"
eng	positive	"no sleep tx :)"
eng	positive	"@tschelseamarie Looking wonderful.Great body. Love your really closely trimmed pubes :) xx"
eng	positive	"@its_jaylin es mi tio :) you know its a must to follow him since I'm from Sinaloa.. Arre!"
eng	positive	"@JSHUGI we must!!! Hahaha :p"
eng	positive	"@kimcanhomes Really very stylish &amp; trendy! Good going Kim, Keep it up :)"
eng	positive	"@Opera_North love it! Have a #FabFriday :)"
eng	positive	"FaceTime with Calum on the weekend while constantly messaging Luke :) https://t.co/UTosEIoktF"
eng	positive	"@FetusJuju  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@jellybrations well thanks guys, we will be sure to do all of those things! Hope you're ok :)"
eng	positive	"@vltrdlcrz No info yet. We'll announce as soon as we get them, #Filbarbarian! :)"
eng	positive	"@yeastieboys I've not been to your beer talks but I'd say that having 2 broken arms is more of a issue than being being 1 testicle light :)"
eng	positive	"So proud!! :D :D Night Social App by Katerina Maniataki - Design Ideas http://t.co/WIsq6iBxv8 via @designideaspics"
eng	positive	"@AvishkarPanday Ahh, alright :) Just wanna know if it's worthwhile. Judging by some tech reviews, it's better than Windows 8"
eng	positive	"@jlmakes found that later, sorry for asking a stupid question. Loving the plugin so far! Also loved your bass slap on IG, I play too! :)"
eng	positive	"@onlytheshelley 6pm is when the doors open for everyone with  (VIP/general) tickets to get there seats early and watch support acts!!:)"
eng	positive	"@liamsmyteddy fback? :)"
eng	positive	"LONDON Baby!:)) #toptravelcentar #ttctop #lux #luxurytravel #beograd #srbija #travel #putovanja… https://t.co/HJYBWA0N22"
eng	positive	"@WendyFigueira Thank you Wendy. We provide the fresh water for the area, @AnglianWater provide the drainage service. Amy :)"
eng	positive	"Homebound. :D HAHAHAYS."
eng	positive	"@zaynahoranpayno Your Welcome! :D"
eng	positive	"Yeeeeah ! :D …"
eng	positive	"@Uruk_Hai2222 moar kittehs will be incoming :D"
eng	positive	"Looking forward to meeting @nicklevine at @sift towers today! :)"
eng	positive	"@kerryjackson201 Yippeee! We hope you + your little one enjoy some scrummy recipes :)"
eng	positive	"@KillaEarth ur bio. I moved from MCPE -&gt; Vainglory :) u with me?"
eng	positive	"@czagnzls It's one of those days I wish @ibetreyes was here :))"
eng	positive	"@metrotrains thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Awesome @metrotrains driver on the 6:01 Lilydale from FSS.  Give that man a raise :-) #magicalmysterytour"
eng	positive	"@neskaife chek the rules and  how to join :D  you can chek our weebly"
eng	positive	"@EdwinaAlexander Good luck in London this weekend! Have a super results! Great support from Donetsk :)) ;)) ;)))"
eng	positive	"@SkyscannerUSA thanks! London is my favorite city on earth! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for the follows @rosbailey2_ros @CircuitElec :)"
eng	positive	"@rolly2416  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Tanyawarren Thanks for following! If you need anything printed; from personalised gift wrap to business cards/stationery- get in touch :)"
eng	positive	"@zXw0lfXz Hi Adrian, you should have this parcel on Monday or Tuesday :) -Pris"
eng	positive	"@TheLuckyHand @neonblaze72 Back in 80s I wz pattern cutting/making &amp; buttonhole finishing 4my designer friend's famous clients :)"
eng	positive	"I have to get up in three and a half hours :)"
eng	positive	""P" keeps me alive :p :p"
eng	positive	"Trial spm be nice :)"
eng	positive	"@Diekno26 Happy birthdaaaaayyyy dinooo!!! :D"
eng	positive	"Cardio done! STEAK on the go this time. Cue the photo. :p At my laptop putting things together! EXCITING :D http://t.co/xfv9CElbNH"
eng	positive	"fav if ur up &amp; u like guinea pigs :-)&lt;3 http://t.co/e8ffJ2a5ro"
eng	positive	"@otraclace where you live in the summer :D"
eng	positive	"Hi to all my bestfriends/friends out there! :"&gt; salamat sa mga nag.greet! :) Really Appreciated guise :-* Godbless y'all :)&lt;3"
eng	positive	"@applewriter you can do it! :D"
eng	positive	"Dear Crush, You're the "Apple of my eye" :)"
eng	positive	"@CorstianBoerman it ain't bad :)"
eng	positive	"@GadgetAddictsUK @YouTube Thanks GA!  :D"
eng	positive	"@charliebateman4 @BMA_Models You deserve it for all your fab work :) Good work Charles #workhard #models"
eng	positive	"Follow my instagram @aufazatin :D"
eng	positive	"Done :) @fannyelf7 @dhilaelf2 @gheolya @ks_ys3424 @seevia_1524 @sulpa_aiden"
eng	positive	"Ain't it too early forrit!!..wah happened to tea,bread and bacon/butter @Alpacino_jay: Done with the Afang soup, making semo is next :D""
eng	positive	"One word? :p https://t.co/pfxsm8w3eT"
eng	positive	"brb going somewhere im forced to go :-)"
eng	positive	"Check out my #blog!! http://t.co/yJxIrWiMZ1. Let me know what you want to see :) #lbloggers #pbloggers #recipes #bookreview #toddlerlife"
eng	positive	"@TommoLouisSmile done too :)"
eng	positive	"@waddoboro - doesnt it just, but where do they go from here, thats the question :)"
eng	positive	"Tato bulat :D https://t.co/GTgsmxNjng"
eng	positive	"@babypuffinator cause i have no problem discussing these things, you know that :p"
eng	positive	"@edzelcastillo  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@MatthiasLissner @CarlHamlet Gosh this is so true! :D"
eng	positive	"@ankitsri24 Sure thing :) We have shared your suggestion with the concerned team, we are sure to get them back pretty soon."
eng	positive	"@surfboyliam fback? :)"
eng	positive	""@macykatemusic: You Know You Like It - DJ Snake - performed it at vid con todayyyyy :) https://t.co/ddaXAxtknE""
eng	positive	"@MaxBlumenthal Hi Max, I was filming in Gaza a few months back. Would love retweet if you think it's good enough! :) https://t.co/l38a8bAd4z"
eng	positive	"@Diane_Delsigthis is what I see after logging into my game this morning ;) I will always remember your trip to BBB :) http://t.co/1gSi2Ntav7"
eng	positive	"I think I need to rest, goodnight :) xx"
eng	positive	"@lalatenduM have you tried turning it off and on? :)"
eng	positive	"hi everyone, i love u all :-)"
eng	positive	"@CodyLatimerAunt i will :-)"
eng	positive	"I got both videos ready for tomorrow. I can sleep peacefully tonight! Goodnight everyone! :)"
eng	positive	"@TheColorRunUK Thank you :-)"
eng	positive	"Pc HOtel :) &lt;# :D http://t.co/69DmYEjBgK"
eng	positive	"@2min4roughing No, I'm 22! :) 18's legal age here. I don't drink that much at all really."
eng	positive	"@IronMillTech Also, what is it you want me to do with this info? I shan't be ditching @ecotricity! And I'll die before I vote Tory...:)"
eng	positive	"@Beingsherry27 @shabnam2824 @kanchan789 @YoanSkAngel @MentionTo love u sis :))  #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"@amcyoung @peasbloss  Ah, S'okay Andy! Thank you-and yours! :)"
eng	positive	"@LampeLois Please follow me, I will return it soon follow :) #TuitUtil http://t.co/Fw5JKPrVxt"
eng	positive	"@SimonVictor87 Aww cheers bud. Yeah would have been good to see everyone, hope you are well :) x"
eng	positive	"@JonicaYacap  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@cliffords_ass @Michael5SOS awww... dont worry dear, you will get used to it :)"
eng	positive	"@tomfooled @ReadingLibDems Great! I've got a lot to learn so I'll have lots of questions for you :D"
eng	positive	"@santhanaram You look like you are having lots of fun! We hope you had many good takeaways today :)"
eng	positive	"Your smile makes me smile :)."
eng	positive	"@94arrestinghes fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Slept like a baby last night. Instead of waking up every 1hr :D"
eng	positive	"genial :-) http://t.co/cMehv4MT2w"
eng	positive	"@VisitLancashire @StAnnesBeachHut @LMuseums fab competition :)"
eng	positive	"@Seventh_Naruto yosh :)"
eng	positive	"@MrsPandP Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"I know I should be packing. But procrastinating is so much more fun. :) Plus I need some outfit sorting... http://t.co/ep39uOZsoM"
eng	positive	"@ron_boll Hi! Saw who u follow and thought u might like "Dark" https://t.co/ZGFwvC5IxT .Plz let us know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"Telling people at KFC to go buy "she's kinda hot" on iTunes :))) #dedicatedfan @5SOS 💜💜💜💜"
eng	positive	"@RealCrimeMag Don't be daft.  Teething troubles.  You're allowed :-)"
eng	positive	"@thestylebox Huxley looks so cool with his basket. Good choice of favourite shop too. :) Ben."
eng	positive	"@RaruShopping Thank you, I've sent them an email :)"
eng	positive	"Gamer Follow Train! Follow Me Retweet this Follow all who retweeted Gain active followers :) 120"
eng	positive	"@S0N0S_ Happy Birthday :)"
eng	positive	"Given Kepler 452b distance I propose  'Far Away' as a suitable name. Perhaps @PeterFHamilton1 fans can comment or suggest alternatives? :-)"
eng	positive	"@AnneHole @YouTube love using this :)"
eng	positive	"@gitawnchstr we made some changes in our final design, hope you like it :) https://t.co/EXt098GP9D"
eng	positive	"@ilian428cade Thanks for the retweet :)"
eng	positive	"#TGIF.......Happy Friday :) http://t.co/YUoHs2ZUYe"
eng	positive	"Off to Stockholm to see @EllinorKronsell tonight :) :*"
eng	positive	"@MyMusicPL super :D"
eng	positive	"alright &amp; last winner will be @bizzleftdemi :) dm me ur email"
eng	positive	"@Immanu3 thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@CFCDianaMonkey brilliant thanks for all the advice :-)"
eng	positive	"Suite life of zack and Cody :-)"
eng	positive	"S/o to my cat for destroying the back of my heel with his claws :-)"
eng	positive	"@njhornylou fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@KhushbooZG I heard lot of good things about this movie..will definitely watch it :)"
eng	positive	"@akocjermy19  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Q. What does a blonde see when she looks into a box of cheerios? A. Donut seeds. :-)"
eng	positive	"I'm back :) sorry I had many problems :) http://t.co/BskkttBzSn"
eng	positive	"@AliciaTan95 thanks! I know, they are the cutest! Love them! :-)"
eng	positive	"Thanks @Stn_Ang :) ! #FFBack @SebIscariote @Ninoiudi @IR5_Cooder @twhiitney @pirlouit_be @Montishow @katiaely @EnglebertKo"
eng	positive	"@JackJackJohnson please put it on spotify too please? :)"
eng	positive	"We've got the #FridayFeeling here in the VC Careers team today :) And we have a new #job to share too: http://t.co/0q92YpovkQ ^G"
eng	positive	"goodnight, fuck :)"
eng	positive	"@serxndipityrp done :)"
eng	positive	"See you tonight for our #TGP1 test races! :)"
eng	positive	"What about us? "@__KaraboM: 10 loners this side please :)""
eng	positive	"Hey @DeVoTrAv do you follow back average joe's that love the #BlueJays :)"
eng	positive	"Some #vinylbear ice cream being made ready for the party :) https://t.co/YLmavlZPM2"
eng	positive	"#FF my BEST PALS &amp; FURBABY’S Luffs &amp; Hugs 4 the Weekend :) x  @lancswitch3 @ILuvsScarlet @LavenderPinks @smartsog http://t.co/fIYPR3t2Ai"
eng	positive	"@dansmith89 Glad to hear it, Dan! We're mega excited about our retail launch :) Don't forget to look for us in Boots and WHSmith, too!"
eng	positive	"@ZackAkihito if your ps3 was still good I'd say keep it but it's no use keeping it now though. Your choice :)"
eng	positive	"It's still so nice out right now, I 💜 it! :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@Shenanigen5280 So are we, Shannon! Woohoo :)"
eng	positive	"@5SOS_FAHUpdates @x123456789tine haha i got it dont worry! :D"
eng	positive	"@BeSameerKapoor all awesome :D you okay na ? :D"
eng	positive	"In two weeks we will be closing for a few days to redecorate.  Expect something a little different, ready for our second Birthday. :)"
eng	positive	"@bobwinder Thanks Bob! I'll be sure to pass that on to Ellie and Mairi for you :)"
eng	positive	"That pain from workouts i love but the pain when it impairs me from getting up uggghhhh dam does it fuck up a day of shit not getting dun :)"
eng	positive	"@EczemaNoMore Thanks for the follow :) our soaps are perfect for #eczema sufferers"
eng	positive	"We r back :) http://t.co/cNNt8ODtO3"
eng	positive	"@BerKirby Yay! We're mega excited about our retail launch, so it's great to know that you feel the same :)"
eng	positive	"@liamwaved Aww congrats! :)"
eng	positive	"@SF_Umji followed ndee :))"
eng	positive	"@JuniorStyleLDN @Cricketlabelle @MelanieMse @GambadoChelsea @baby_bargainsUK @barbelinekids @TendreDeal A pleasure as always! :-)"
eng	positive	"Publilius Syrus The fear of death is more to be dreaded than death itself. :-)"
eng	positive	"@leomanaids_ look here u little shit :-) I fell asleep &amp; then woke up &amp; thought u were asleep :-) PLUS this was earlier :-) so fuk u dude"
eng	positive	"How do I check all the people i wanna unblock everyone :p"
eng	positive	"@FridaybMaria Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@walkyourcamera you'll need to manually tweak some php, but yeah :)"
eng	positive	"Would be cool to fall asleep on the phone with oomf :-)"
eng	positive	"@PippaLov @twinesocial Thank you very much Pippa :-)"
eng	positive	"but wait! it's the 2nd year soon :) they get to go on the trip like all hschool 2nd years"
eng	positive	"@Ramya0212 amen :) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"The bus girl who uses long cardi almost everyday, everytime I see u, you'll be laughing/smiling :) you have a cute smile!"
eng	positive	"@bunbun78 great shot - safe trip back to HK - love that place :-)"
eng	positive	"@DavidBraben Why'd you program it for Acorn originally by the way, since C64 was (apart from the CPU) considerably more advanced? :)"
eng	positive	"#ONAIR! James Bay - Hold Back the River | 0878 0388 1033 | 0272 330670 :) :D"
eng	positive	"@aldriannetabang  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Happiness is ... Seeing a photo of rescue mutt on twitter :) @Vivienneclore"
eng	positive	"@mappingmegan absolutely. Waiting for that day :)"
eng	positive	"@Bhoxzniall fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@ArgosHelpers hi :) I wondered if I sent you my order number if you could confirm for me that my delivery is definitely set for tomorrow?"
eng	positive	"You are very very okay... love does not ask why... :-) https://t.co/3RKmJ4LubB"
eng	positive	"@Malan_Sanjaya yes switched back :) my lap is optimized for windows 7 Lu :|"
eng	positive	"OMG :D #TweetOfTheDecade :Pa https://t.co/jBoixkQj2h"
eng	positive	"final grade for my class :-) http://t.co/YRytmftXPv"
eng	positive	"@LouosaurusRex happiest of Fridays to you! have a great weekend :D"
eng	positive	"@WOMADCHARLTONPK Thank you. See you later :-)"
eng	positive	"#BBMme PIN:7DF9E60A , someone add my bbm pin, okayy :) ##bbmme #BBMpin #addmeonbbm ADD ME ON BBM ##bbmme #BBMpin  #addme MI PIN"
eng	positive	"Today's #FF - @CurlysCooking @beerandbaking @kneadtodough @vixyvonshock @mariannasbakery @collinscakery @sammiefeasting @NinaVictoriaCup :)"
eng	positive	"@alive_madness tell me if it's better than normal menu :)"
eng	positive	"@1ResilientSoul enjoy :)"
eng	positive	"A year ago I married my first love and my best friend.  Thanks for an amazing year Glenn!  I love being your wife! :) http://t.co/CbiP1LHLuc"
eng	positive	"@leanna_decker whats ur height??? :))"
eng	positive	"@LampShopOnline Ha ha love it! Thank you, same to you :-) any exciting plans? #TGIF"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/kjV6NWyPKo."
eng	positive	"@Yayeahyeah @weimingkam You did a fab job! :)"
eng	positive	"The Sculptor's Pillar 2015 is now available in @DOTA2 store! Good thing they released it in store. :) #TI5 #dota2 http://t.co/KBM0p9jyZJ"
eng	positive	"@itsjrmr  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for the follows @IPSroofing @FireDoorsDirect @HargreavesInfo @SDSLondon @ForestrallTimbr @stairsupplies @glazingtools @NORclad :)"
eng	positive	"@ontrackplant Awesome find, if only Twitter did image mentions. Give us a nudge if you spot any more tasty plant pics :)"
eng	positive	"@eugenemcsorley  Enjoy your short - but hilly - cycle. Last day in England on this trip.  #scotlandismassive :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks @TweetsbyHarold he is just amazing. You will have to come and meet him :) @sdchap8"
eng	positive	"@lazycrazygen Thank you Gen! Miss you! :D"
eng	positive	"@VikkFollows #StarSquad ⭐ Can I get a follow? Please Vikk I fna :)"
eng	positive	"What Mombasa feels like :-) #TukutaneMombasa #100ReasonsToVisitMombasa #KaribuMombasa http://t.co/XMVIKx9ERj"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/5EcILL2Mf7."
eng	positive	"@triciadzn thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@iKONBI22 hello hanbin :D seems its my first time talk with you"
eng	positive	"@rainbowdustyles fback? :)"
eng	positive	"im giving u something that u deserve , now take it :)"
eng	positive	"@Scottish_Banner they certainly are! :)"
eng	positive	"goosnight again everyone i love u all :)"
eng	positive	"@BiancaAnsems  cheers :-) all for the cause ! haha - maybe @PennyNevilleLee might let me do it again one day :-) thanks most kindly !"
eng	positive	"@alpstart ha ha now that sounds familiar  :)"
eng	positive	"@BrigetteManie My pleasure :-)"
eng	positive	"I was jealous because you're my bestfriend and you're so close to her. :))"
eng	positive	"waking up to the sound of rain hitting the tent :) yay"
eng	positive	"@AlissaVI yea I want my cozy, warm bed back! x Thx dear! May your work day be chilled and short :)"
eng	positive	"@celestinesofie  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@EricAguigam @taylorswift13 Phenomenal bro! I would love to collab with you and your friends asap :)"
eng	positive	""Who's the mom?" The girl that gave birth :-) 😂"
eng	positive	"@ThreeStrypes Yay new vid!!! :D"
eng	positive	"See you again my friend. :)"
eng	positive	"@misslescaut he behaves like a monster (he doesn't) :)"
eng	positive	"some rt spree atm :)"
eng	positive	"$10,000 for Tank! :D OUTSTANDING! Thankyou to every single donation from all of you, that got us h... http://t.co/PLQRn4fDRN"
eng	positive	"@ContestKiDuniya ready #ContestKiDuniya :)"
eng	positive	"I am I hope you are too. Thanks Mfundo :) @SpexMfanaMan"
eng	positive	"@oche_balboa Cheers oche hun :) xxx"
eng	positive	"@EvaSpying My inner nerd shall not be tamed by your insidious logic. :D http://t.co/iS8BxMseYj"
eng	positive	"OMG so I did some math and if my channel continues like this (i doubt  it) I will get 2 300 subs when my 200 subs video comes out :) :/"
eng	positive	"@Sy_TEOH forgiven. WonderFuls are MannerFuls, aren't we? :)"
eng	positive	"Yhoooooo ngi happy today. Nothing can ruin my mood hey :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@TisoyPeter  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@almightyniaz fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@AprilHV Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@OBiiE__ Always pushing the limits hey Obakeng? :) \OP"
eng	positive	"Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :) http://t.co/RpE0HsCtDQ http://t.co/SGKbE2jWRh"
eng	positive	"@iangelidaki @CarlHamlet Haha nothing can stop the goats! :D"
eng	positive	"@jusxhemmo morning :)"
eng	positive	"@Ntwenty2 @brasso77 Looking good guys. :-)"
eng	positive	"@iTuaha haha no. Alhamdullilah everything good. But im here for you if you need to talk?:)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/wR72Pq6tp2."
eng	positive	"Good morning! And happy Friday! :-) Thought I'd quickly say hello while my little pebble is engrossed in Bing... http://t.co/u73W4nOsjt"
eng	positive	"@TomParker Gorgeous!! Have fun y'all!! :)"
eng	positive	"SCREAMING happy bday to my fav boy in the whole wide world!! 🌎🌎❤️❤️❤️ I love you!! :) @ the big 18 😧 https://t.co/SYqtgaq21I"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/Tq3MQ9GIKG."
eng	positive	"@Ileana_Official reallY hAppY tOdaY ..... WaT u DonE fOr Us muahhh :)  May God BlEss U :)"
eng	positive	"PauseTime is always nice :-)"
eng	positive	"@SilverArrowsHAM Are you seeing the cars drifting around the corner ... ? Looking a bit loose :-)"
eng	positive	"Appreciate your recent Retweets ! @montblancforum @Les_Scop_idf @MiroirSocial @thomasdeysieux @EMauFouX Have a great Friday :)"
eng	positive	"@ArakinUK @Huskyteer you don't pay until the end of the campaign, it's kickstarter :)"
eng	positive	"@JdrqRicah  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@dhimant Thanks for the sharing the article D :) @thebetterindia"
eng	positive	"@jackiHS What an absolute cutie - congratulations! :)"
eng	positive	"@funnyjoke hi jenna. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?"
eng	positive	"@DJTiny_Sam  i will :) havent been on vacation for 8 months xD"
eng	positive	"@SarahThomas49 Hi Sarah, all our delish ranges are online at http://t.co/P8zAQddn3H :) Which supermarkets have you been looking in?"
eng	positive	"Congrats again Joselito &amp; Freya for the "nth" time :) #latepost lupet mo Eric! http://t.co/2DtLrSnvB1"
eng	positive	"#AskAMan in few :-)"
eng	positive	"@gregols09 They really are helpful :) Alternatively, give us a call on 150 / 0345 454 1111 and we can help there. MKa"
eng	positive	"when u r not smart in real life so u have to act smart on the webz :-)"
eng	positive	"@chaebe71 Oh great :)"
eng	positive	"@ContestKiDuniya #ContestKiDuniya hope to win :)"
eng	positive	"@xopriyaox oops! Well at least they'll realise it doesnt work anymore :)"
eng	positive	"@CarmelSepuloni v. cute, Carmel. Thanks for all your great work :)"
eng	positive	"@Si_kKo I'm a big boy who can make his own decisions :)"
eng	positive	"@dirtbaglou thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@_nicapapa  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Nickalaws do you think you &amp; Matt will ever get back together? Or stay friends? :)"
eng	positive	"@ChrisBourne see you later :)"
eng	positive	"@Jadejessicax no probs :-) ill message you xx"
eng	positive	"@commonculture@connorfranta honestly I've no idea about what this thing is, could you explain me ? :)"
eng	positive	"Throwback :-)))) http://t.co/Tf4pHYRUDB"
eng	positive	"I love my relationship :-) http://t.co/pVd5n3deoS"
eng	positive	"PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :) http://t.co/LS2arHmmUY"
eng	positive	"@UrbanKarizma alright sleep well!:)"
eng	positive	"tessnzach// cute account :)!!!"
eng	positive	"Dear @SuttonObserver. Please can you ask your paperboys to keep the papers out of the rain today? It's a very special issue :-)"
eng	positive	"@zoharrm Thank you. To be honest I needed to be reassured a bit... But please do enjoy the game as I know I will :) and happy Friday!"
eng	positive	"if you wanna follow my personal is @thaiees !!!! bye guysss :))))"
eng	positive	"@VMolapisi problem is, you want to do what's not suppose to happen on a Friday. FRIDAY will always win. TGIF! :)"
eng	positive	"@unicornsftnjh fback? :)"
eng	positive	"i thought they won at mubank.. lol  because dongwoo's unexpected tweet.. :D"
eng	positive	"Very bright weather today! Hope London is this hot tommorow! Can't wait to go there tommorow! :D"
eng	positive	"@savannahx___ feel better :)"
eng	positive	"lots of fun!!! :)))) newyork magic? lollll"
eng	positive	"I am the first person to make twinx cry as a 16 year old :)))"
eng	positive	"Find me on Path : Firmansyahbl :)"
eng	positive	"@SgtRumpel Super :D"
eng	positive	"This Sunday Morning stream will also be a birthday stream, so I will follow my usual birthday procedure and play Grim Fandango! :D"
eng	positive	"Sometimes the most ordinary things can be made extraordinary by doing them with the right people :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/YuKWG0fjm9."
eng	positive	"@MDWidlake @mnorgaard We have BOS, "Birmingham Oracle Samosas" at @OracleMidlands :)"
eng	positive	"I need to find a boy that loves fireball just as much as I do :)"
eng	positive	"There should be a shoe store that serves sushi while you shop. A Shoeshi Shop. Ok not all my ideas change the world.  :) �S"
eng	positive	"@TAKE_designer @AR72014 Looks pretty nice. :) Love the flat looks."
eng	positive	"Don't forget @APC_UK @KikkomanMasters @PastryTeamUK @AcadCulArts :) https://t.co/WhdAeATOe6"
eng	positive	"@cischafer @DunnettCentral :) I love Lymond. And Philippa. I have someone who's a bit like Philippa in my novel, but not like him"
eng	positive	".@kitchtablepro here's that selfie Tara! Thanks again for another great event . . . #HappyFriday #ff :) http://t.co/a4zUxwEsV7"
eng	positive	"@CjayBlanco  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Awaishooo aur han Imran Khan . 63 but still younger than many. :)"
eng	positive	"@TheGoFever @AzharSaleem59 awww thanks guys!! Wishing you both a wicked weekend :) Travel safe! X"
eng	positive	"Thank you @platform4prose :)"
eng	positive	"@aerelchris welcome to twitter world agaaaain sir :)"
eng	positive	"Doli Siregar (@doliphoto) retweeted your Tweet! &gt; Many thanks! Cheers, Ninh. :) #Inspire"
eng	positive	"#welcomeTweet @aazem27 Thanks for following me.. :-) via http://t.co/adB1usrDwV"
eng	positive	"@djdarrenjones :) It's a shoe box size of a shop, but the gems in there makes the geekiest of geeks cry at their wallets."
eng	positive	"@LauraAlyceH @weimingkam And by turning up, to be fair! It meant a lot that people came. :)"
eng	positive	"Early birds are gone already das nice :)"
eng	positive	"@RohitBJP @DrShobha i request those media Persons covering "Rally" please rotate their camera just once. :)"
eng	positive	"@tommosdenim OMG THAT SUCKS BUT AT LEAST YOU SEE ONE DIRECTION!:)"
eng	positive	"@JhMarkotsis am driving up tomorrow if you still wanted to come? :)"
eng	positive	"@mullingfrackle fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Eek! Its all got to go in the red suitcase. Beijing and China festival of science here I come :) @scimadesimple http://t.co/yaqcj4Ifa3"
eng	positive	"@Rebellionx2 Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@grlwthdragontat @leokalyan awesome! :)"
eng	positive	"Twitter meni tebrik etdi :)) Congratulations, you have over 700 followers"
eng	positive	"Tomorrow back to school :D"
eng	positive	"Someone bring me &amp; sunshine a bob will love you forever?💗 :-)"
eng	positive	"@rodtamepoet  "Rod Tame is embracing his inner actor with aplomb" :-) Congratulations mate"
eng	positive	"@dreesti doesn't matter have to pay bill always.. #foreveralone :D :D"
eng	positive	"Last day at work! This time for real :D No more summer jobs! But school starts in three weeks :/ #mysummer #happy"
eng	positive	"#HappyFriday! Is there anything IT related that you needed help with? If so, give us a call on 01482 333505 :)"
eng	positive	"@svaertathel HAHAHAHA no way :p what must we wear there ah? school uniform?"
eng	positive	"@ArianeBeeston Thank you! But evil. :)"
eng	positive	"Owwww. Choo chweet..... love u :-* :-) http://t.co/alshfDVauB"
eng	positive	"Test :)"
eng	positive	"@tis_cake Bless them :) the shorthaired one looks a lot like my Oscar :)"
eng	positive	"every dog has its day :) I can't stress that enough !"
eng	positive	"@alIthingsluke thank you!! omg i just realized this is your video awww its so cute congrats :D"
eng	positive	"Worth It - Fifth Harmony, don't judge :)"
eng	positive	"MY kik : denerivery506 #kik #kiksexting #FaceTime #kikmenow #talk #housemusic #kikkomansabor :) http://t.co/T6lOMDaFCz"
eng	positive	"Don't I look like a killer? :)) #HenessyDiaries http://t.co/aTTJJ0JFm2"
eng	positive	"@parapluieverte Glad you enjoyed your journey!! have a nice day :)"
eng	positive	"@SAVEREUX1 @TheRoofGardens The band were great! Thank you for coming, was lovely to see you :)"
eng	positive	"can someone plz have a convo w me bc I can never sleep :):"
eng	positive	"WE DID IT! ONLY TOOK 11 HOURS! :D http://t.co/soYERf64cz"
eng	positive	"My vault is expanding :D @Bethblog http://t.co/jQyErRt4g5"
eng	positive	"@lapisIazui WELL,, I MEAN UR THE ONLY VINNY I KNOW SO :)) AND NO U DONT HAVE MONEY AT ALL HAHAHAHAHA ONLY 50CENTS TO REPAY UR DEBT"
eng	positive	""Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there is so much to smile about :) I have many… https://t.co/h9gtZ0Y99u"
eng	positive	"@1sari_kirmizi / evet :)"
eng	positive	"Agree?? :)  #Phone #WiFi #LifeStyle   #QatarDay http://t.co/VnItXo8eZ0"
eng	positive	"@Nkour34Dil you're always welcome dear. .   :-) Good afternoon. ..:-)"
eng	positive	"🌞🌞🌞 - :)))))))) stay perfect girly"
eng	positive	"@FOOLISHTEENLOU fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@fhatiegeeeee  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Brilliant.. this! They said India doesn't innovate... https://t.co/J7ynGlNfJf  by @makersofthings  Thank you for introducing @19am81 :)"
eng	positive	"Follow me on Facebook on https://t.co/Z9enl5nJdE :) http://t.co/gK0xyuMJIG"
eng	positive	"@neut_ Yes! Of course. It's lovely, and I talked to them about volunteering there, and maybe even in time getting a job. :)"
eng	positive	"@GitiOkvianti done :)"
eng	positive	"#am saran drama genre romance comedy??:)"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : LeanneRiner19 #snapchat #kiksexting #porno #selfies #l4l #weloveyounamjoon #kiksexting :) http://t.co/20pODm7d8j"
eng	positive	"don't worry, we r still doing :) http://t.co/pQ6h7jEKvk"
eng	positive	"Homey :)"
eng	positive	"Had an absolutely amazing time in Kenya! It was a emotional roller coaster but an experience I'm glad I had :) http://t.co/EPsQflEctx"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/Smqz6YKvEc."
eng	positive	"@TheMattEspinosa you make me happy :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you :) https://t.co/kMXgAZSAjh"
eng	positive	"@Tabinda_Samar the most funny aspect was Najam sethi`s confession ad still...  ":D"
eng	positive	"@GromKath happy birthday.... #pricelessantique #takesonetoknowone  :-)"
eng	positive	"Hey @FitbitSupport @FitbitUK  all working now :-)"
eng	positive	"Need some extra #UCount points to make it worth it! tweet it for fun :)"
eng	positive	"@EunjiJeji I'm okay ji :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @lzethu01"
eng	positive	"@KirkdaleBooks I love his books. He's a big credit to Turkish literature. My favourite book is My Name is Red :)"
eng	positive	"@blackreign8 i knew you'd give me crap about it lol. Need to burn it :p"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ... 80x"
eng	positive	"they love you too :)  https://t.co/FePD5DUbNk"
eng	positive	"@NATSPressOffice @British_Airways Trusting that my favourite airline will deliver as always :):) , Good Luck"
eng	positive	"What could be more fun than a sexy girl? TWO sexy girls :) 👉 http://t.co/1n5ZfAqYYZ 👈💓 http://t.co/kZwz5i3PYN"
eng	positive	"@eonnicchi ah thank you, she has a reason to do it right? :)"
eng	positive	"@jrxmrcd  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Now Playing ''Yello - The Race'' on http://t.co/XspzQRmRVl"
eng	positive	"for gail :) http://t.co/MnYKjgxBpA"
eng	positive	"@NiallHoran hello :) how are you? xx"
eng	positive	"@RousseyAudrey @NBCUniversal @nbc  Very cool :)"
eng	positive	"@scoobs1969 Thank you very much for your kind words, I'll be sure to pass them on to the team! :)"
eng	positive	"@YaelAPeer @MatthiasLissner @CarlHamlet @NikkiElizDemere @KikiSchirr @preslavrachev Nice to connect with you Yael :)"
eng	positive	"first driving lesson in 10 months - let's see if i'm still shit :)"
eng	positive	"@clairyworld4  EN MIS MANOS. holding it in my hands :)"
eng	positive	"@zoyaashk true that :)"
eng	positive	"When the managers at your job tell you and your friend that you are the two prettiest girls there :) :) :) :) :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@rosehut1 And thank you to wonderful readers like you, Rose, who make it all worthwhile. Have a lovely weekend. :)"
eng	positive	"@extinctlwt fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/0s8GQYOeus."
eng	positive	"U cant change how people feel about u so dnt try , just live ur life and  be happy :)"
eng	positive	"@Wanli_Minho he said i'm his ideal type in weekly idol and make a love pose for me &gt;&lt; i will tell him if i meet him. Don't worry :)"
eng	positive	"@studiomister Thanks. Going to take me some time to create a shortlist out of that :) Much appreciated"
eng	positive	"Great to have him as part of the awesome #Dominion family :) https://t.co/sLmo2Voxzx"
eng	positive	"I'm really excited for our picnic tmrw :-)"
eng	positive	"Nobody :) likes :) me :)"
eng	positive	"#JummaMubarak To every one :)  Take a shower, wear good #ShalwarKameez have a #Itter on it Offer #JummaPrayer,... http://t.co/AuRAAMlpji"
eng	positive	"@cl_aus is this on the back of the camera? If so you have AF point display enabled. @glyndewis's company car :-) http://t.co/pJltRVVBHn"
eng	positive	"@DiongzonS  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"I'm breaking out but what's new :-)"
eng	positive	"@jaimestein @nicolevanzanten @amberturnau woot!! Cool peeps :)"
eng	positive	"Hey Tweeps Join #FlipkartFashionFriday and Folow @BhaktisBanter and win 2K :)"
eng	positive	"@kassi_grace Ohhh, got it :p"
eng	positive	"Here's a teaser of the upcoming AIRecs 009 release "Acid Mouse EP" out 31st of August, including Red Robin &amp; Rough Control remixes :))"
eng	positive	"@Gurmeetramrahim #MyPapaMyPride #OurDaughtersOurPride your love n encourage changing the life of everyone :)"
eng	positive	"@GaryKeywood @DIY_OE @travelshopgirl @2wksinCR @constantramble @bizarreglobehop Happy Friday all and thanks for the recent RTs &amp; faves! :)"
eng	positive	"Toss ladies! :)) @mulanbilqis @NK_Asmita"
eng	positive	"@TheUwagaPies @SharlaInJapan welcome🐑 :)"
eng	positive	"@MonicaTerryEM I'll have a look in the library and book stores first anyway! :)"
eng	positive	"@MizzChuff Mr2 climbed up to give me a cuddle. :)"
eng	positive	"#Jilla Decent Opening &amp; Reviews :))"
eng	positive	"@NoraFrost the @therevnate is headlining in 2017 :)"
eng	positive	"Jumma Mubarik to all of you :) Stay Happy and Blessed :)"
eng	positive	"@vespera9 @moirae_ @nbhdmadi @akpayne15 @caitiiiii @tiffanymichels  I spent a half hour total on this.:-)"
eng	positive	"Such a great news! Congratz Guys! :) https://t.co/zHq6qQqrIz"
eng	positive	"Good night :) http://t.co/6JdSbTSeK5"
eng	positive	"@MikeyyGee_562 @thatdudegalvan_ atleast you honest .. Still get the bitches tho :)"
eng	positive	"@Blessings2050 Thanks for your contribution and kind comment! :-)"
eng	positive	"THERE IS AN EARTH 2.0... yuppiieee :) #AlienThought #HappyAlien"
eng	positive	"@hanpdf like me :)"
eng	positive	"@lorainekateyumi  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"I love it how you tell every crowd that they're the loudest. We all are the loudest fans in the world aren't we? :) x @Real_Liam_Payne"
eng	positive	"@amerz ah, the memories. :)"
eng	positive	"@gazza2209 Hi Gary!Did you have a particular attraction in mind? And a travel date? I can pass your Q onto our supprt team :-) Thanks, Ellie"
eng	positive	"@britishankles fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@The_Zyrophobia they do call me the savage god :p"
eng	positive	"No he is junior 2 me :p https://t.co/V4Jk5HsID1"
eng	positive	"@Vladimir_EShop @VladimirBank thanks :)"
eng	positive	"To cleanse the scam ridden body Vyapam going to be renamed. What an idea!!! :D:D"
eng	positive	"@TobyJWilkinson I'm pleased to hear :) - Sarah"
eng	positive	"@ValleyAllBlack hello hello :) *waves from D couch*"
eng	positive	"@WaterfordTIO Thanks to the team for the Retweet! :-)"
eng	positive	"@ironmima @fruitpreserve okay :)"
eng	positive	"@louiseminchin @Phase_Eight ohhh well i was wondering :D x"
eng	positive	"@novocainecolby completely dodged the explanation opportunity because you have no explanation. Thanks for proving my point. Grow up :-))"
eng	positive	"@Sanza_T @LeratoTmohale Does the bag do the job Sanza?  :-)"
eng	positive	"@mcjen thank you :-)"
eng	positive	"@MrMearsDT @kerry_truman @Kitronik. Check out http://t.co/TunCUXXIXX; other places available :-). Coloured aggregates work but tend to fade."
eng	positive	"@sistards93 sore yaa slr som :)"
eng	positive	"@jitenkumargupta Thanks for the sharing the article :) @thebetterindia"
eng	positive	"@lalochezic @paulwiggins I'm honoured :D"
eng	positive	"@abcderza im following you too hehehe :)"
eng	positive	"@DMC1982Nice at least there's a view of the hills :)"
eng	positive	"@laineyni @s_geary1 @susie22784334 @sharont2501 @britvix @vanessaclark11 @Wils21568249 @wolfenskjerven Same to you and everyone else.:-) xx"
eng	positive	"@TheBookwormBaby Thank you! that's very kind.  I just finished working on more Little Explorers books btw which will be out next year.. :)"
eng	positive	"our national bird in Wayanadan forests.. :) #Wayanad  Photo: Srijith V visit his website - http://t.co/ASE1uj9byB http://t.co/RNQP0i8gKS"
eng	positive	"I've whispered to myself "today is the day" four times this week and I'm still lying in bed laying Pokemon :))))"
eng	positive	"@OfficialKeanu..Awesome! :)"
eng	positive	"@520f6ed5dd4c4d3  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter  #FlipkartFashionFriday  Hey Dazzle urself with this Double Flared Red and Black Dress :)  http://t.co/Ri8cSxz6Uq"
eng	positive	"@stuck_for_ideas Thanks for the shout out guys :)"
eng	positive	"In this last 9 hours, our channel has got 51 Views, that`s so incredible, thanks so much! :)"
eng	positive	"Browse our funny facts if you are bored :) http://t.co/6WLyQMJ2nl"
eng	positive	"Hey @GoGirlsMusic would you help me share my project "Becoming a Female Tour Manager" http://t.co/d3AFRhhgP6 :)"
eng	positive	"@TotalPolicing We won't delve in to that here :)"
eng	positive	"@Jiaqiwoo  Thank you so muchhh :) see u tmr maybe ?"
eng	positive	"Well, this was an interesting breakfast… back to our holidays now :)"
eng	positive	"@TheRainBro also, GL for tonight's show! :D"
eng	positive	"u can always count on alice to make u feel better when ur ill :))):):) http://t.co/JYMVSLDfQX"
eng	positive	"@SR15BLTY sore litey :p"
eng	positive	""@Manuellatchgn: Goodbye twitter. I will not be there for a long time. :)" Goodbye Manuella"
eng	positive	"@myabumygod @ianadritaranbir Maine Abhi tak Ye movie nhi dekhi but promos se hi i knew that it's his best movie till date :)"
eng	positive	"@mhdzhdawr You're most welcomed! We look forward to welcoming you to Xpax ;) Have a lovely Friday! :)"
eng	positive	"@sundawnjh fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@goldennotebook @JohnEMichel @kellyalovell Thanks Lisa :)"
eng	positive	"@babagby thanks. I appreciate :)"
eng	positive	"@MattTreby welcome aboard Matt! Thanks for the feedback :)"
eng	positive	"@Michael37311757 @royjohnwatts @LBC @darrenadam I can blog a story about the institution, i'm in France :)"
eng	positive	"#FF @Raj_Poot_  follow Him Nc Guy :-)"
eng	positive	"Solo 7 cheese overload pizza • Mcfloat • hot fudge sandae &amp; munchkins of d'd ♥ atm :))"
eng	positive	"@AlxznDr19 Oh hey Granny :D How are you."
eng	positive	"Cant wait to get my Baller G Lil Faded chain :) What Everybody Ought To Know"
eng	positive	"@JayHorwell Hi Jay, if you haven't received it yet please email our events team at events@breastcancernow.org and they'll sort it :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ...79x"
eng	positive	"@HeyItsTrisha01  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"Breakfast for champions :) http://t.co/zhYoBmNkWr"
eng	positive	"@raydio2 You might like this :)  https://t.co/CUMO6EyiyQ"
eng	positive	"@jaynehh_ you just need a job and get a letter from your work place saying you work there and a letter from your parents approving :-)"
eng	positive	"You are unique. :) http://t.co/cY5cBHOeVQ"
eng	positive	"@dafruk1 I sent to both to try and make sure to catch you :-)"
eng	positive	""@Nyesekkinn: Don't be affaraid, I'll Be there For You :)""
eng	positive	"#DearSlim You did not play the role of Billy Hope but you would have liked to play the role of another character? :) @Eminem"
eng	positive	"@runabove Sad to see you become "LABS" and your place will take OVH. Nothing against OVH but their support suck so much :-)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter this lovely black &amp; red Maxi dress :)  #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/aNUBjZs98p"
eng	positive	"I follow bunch of Acc. just now . Hope they follow me back :)"
eng	positive	"He's really on his way guys :-) https://t.co/yyOUEKgCFM"
eng	positive	"Hey @Kaineofoeme have fun today :) wish I could be there but I'll be there in sprit! @WeAreMicLowry love yous"
eng	positive	"3 days til I start work, getting quite excited now :)"
eng	positive	"@OriofAshes @CityofAshes you guys were great last night :) http://t.co/3s3XF5q21N"
eng	positive	"@BOOM_Cycle Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"YES! A very big yes, finally got home from this severe rain thanks @sgtnicolai1 :)"
eng	positive	"@rsilver710 I love you and miss those hammies thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@Pedro7241cw @xolanimvulana GOOD! And even better to "see you around" :) Yep. It's the only way to live. #freedom from #Pistols Good move."
eng	positive	"Find myself quite cool as I unlocked #bemeapp by myself :) @CaseyNeistat Thumbs up 4 what u do! #beme Figured out my #bemecode #proudtobeme"
eng	positive	"@orbette see you there. I'll get the first round. :-)"
eng	positive	"@Lachdog_AU @Posica all good, thanks anyway :)"
eng	positive	"KEEP CALM AND STAY KEPO :) :D"
eng	positive	"@AidanMcGlynn Haha! Almost certainly true, for all names. :)"
eng	positive	"@Matt_Dominguez Appreciate the follow :) have you heard of our botanical soaps? :)"
eng	positive	"no look :)"
eng	positive	"@ayashiibaby  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@Andrew_Spence Thanks again! Hope you're having a great Friday morning so far :)"
eng	positive	"@MarkoLauhiala Luckily that is just one out of many! :)"
eng	positive	"@nattan23 hahahaha i remember it so clearly :p"
eng	positive	"Oh I get it now. Second quote tweet, but maybe could I please have a Louis dm, :) please, if you can.  https://t.co/OLfiC333Yr"
eng	positive	"@AlamiHasson #دعمم للعودة للحياة, Heiyo, visit my website for FREE 50.000 Coins in 8 BALL POOL now! Thanks :D"
eng	positive	"Dudaftie...:-)  #breaktym"
eng	positive	"@Marianela707 @theohurts it is not fatal but more dangerous in terms of health :) I don't understand why everyone is so outraged XD"
eng	positive	"Almost 645k views. Watch muna while waiting na magstart ang twitter party. :) SALUTE! → https://t.co/JqgcPeXdQL"
eng	positive	"Thq a lot for Ur continous support @actor_jayamravi to Thalaivar @dhanushkraja bro:):):)"
eng	positive	"@uptownctw P£T£, Heiya, visit my site if u wanna grab a FREE 30.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@mallynic @Gspaepen @jett_uk @GhostOfTrafford @FD_ManUtdNews @Cantona_20 @RisingTrend @RosaCrowee ty :)) av gd wknd u n all in tweet \m/"
eng	positive	"@QueenBiankee hehe :-) (Smiling from ear to ear- ME) :-D"
eng	positive	"@DutchM882 Morning my friend :) Yesss thats just the way we roll ;))) here on #cam4"
eng	positive	"watched the match till late night y'day.. :D https://t.co/ZhHZOzHBEN"
eng	positive	"@Guillaume351 If its full is because you did a really great job! Congrats :)"
eng	positive	"i cant watch hxh in this place besides youtube vids like 'top 10 badass killua scenes :)' im suffering"
eng	positive	"I'm appreciating my body for what it does and feeding it what it needs :-)"
eng	positive	"@1dfamily_d check our final design, hope you like it :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ...78x"
eng	positive	"Hope you will like it ;) #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede @JabongIndia http://t.co/tB34wIraCs hope you're noticing my efforts :D"
eng	positive	"Kind words never go unappreciated (this is even mentioned on our site :) ). A very gracious thank you for your feedback @MaltiBhojwani"
eng	positive	"@httpsguitarist fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@Deltsoulman @JohnVignocchi @allisonpetrek Yeah, I'm pretty proud of myself :D #NailedIt #OurDisneyInfinity"
eng	positive	"@dracan Hope you had a lovely sleep! :)  -Mary"
eng	positive	"@nicoledyosa1  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"MY snapchat - JillMill19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #hot #webcam #teens #elfindelmundo #sexi :) http://t.co/HFYIeohQZv"
eng	positive	"@amy14_x @AstonMerrygold will do :D it's mainly my mother who wants it right now haha the others can wait they said 😂 x"
eng	positive	"Don't even think about it :)))"
eng	positive	"@michaelmoor_mt You are most welcome Michael, Do me a favour &amp; have yourself a #Dancetastic day :-)"
eng	positive	"@kaushikcbasu @karunanundy Its a perfect Satyajit Ray's movie 'Porosh Pathor' situation #GoldBugs Run for cover :-)) https://t.co/hk0RMiZpR4"
eng	positive	"only I would drop 10 wine bottles &amp; spill some of the wine all over myself @ work :-)"
eng	positive	"@jazminbonilla77 jazmin Bonilla :), We Share the Latest Secret on 15000 Stars Kim Hollywood, Check the only secret on my Bio"
eng	positive	"@brigserman thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"ROFL! Shades of Grey - netsec edition :-) https://t.co/PHpzRakSgU"
eng	positive	"Let's enjoy this day! :)"
eng	positive	"@DayHWStoodStill oh will certainly be watching it anyway!! :D"
eng	positive	"@reginevalcasid hi ate.  :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/wlSz27qizK."
eng	positive	"@Kritters_ whenever we have another movie night :)"
eng	positive	"@theroiceorven  follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"@turquoiselwt fback? :)"
eng	positive	"@team_ne29 another amazing video Kev :) we are so proud to have such wonderful support from such a wonderful person :) @daftasabrushcc"
eng	positive	"Been listening to these two  on repeat. :D @migzhaleco and @nefmedina_ More collab please? https://t.co/jRfJTDSeqc"
eng	positive	"I kinda wanna fangirl over not an apology again even tho i already fangirled a lot when i first heard it :D"
eng	positive	"@CultureTrip @FoodTravelLove Yummy :D"
eng	positive	"@VulturesDare why thank you kind sir :)"
eng	positive	"@_cruuzzy we are all good here. :) My sisters told me that they misses you.n"
eng	positive	"remember that unlisted one where he had a hickey :))) http://t.co/xPhswFUKfv"
eng	positive	"So ready for the weekend. Race track Saturday and dads work picnic Sunday then Monday hocking hills with mamma :))))"
eng	positive	"@somanygods human beings ARE NOT mere brain...u need a more holistic cosmovision...too narrow-minded :)"
eng	positive	"My phone isn't charging it's been at 1% forever :)))"
eng	positive	"@Prinsesandreya happy birthday, Cess! :)"
eng	positive	"@Alixharrow Hi Alix! Thank you for connecting, I look forward to tweeting with you! Have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@lucazi1214 @Bearclxw_ @Yomi_Gaming im happy meeting anyone that wants to meet me. I'll even throw some quan tips your way.  :)"
eng	positive	"Please :) stop :) shouting :) at :) me :)"
eng	positive	"Surprise visit? Naaahhh :D"
eng	positive	"duh emesh :p https://t.co/FtiAVocFll"
eng	positive	"@goldenpaulson thank you :)"
eng	positive	"Good morning :)"
eng	positive	"@Daniel_O_16 Yes, that was hilarious :)"
eng	positive	"@ASAPOFFICIAL Kath :)"
eng	positive	"@serhatahmet You are very welcome. I hope you have a lovely day also :) Kia@VAUK"
eng	positive	"Start your day with some Tango :-) https://t.co/q352NTLbXH"
eng	positive	"#tracerequest with my homie dassy! Fwm! :D"
eng	positive	"With them :)"
eng	positive	"@FUDGEMCCANN I won't :)"
eng	positive	"@liansuryanii selamat sore,like model :)"
eng	positive	"@nicholin90 Sorry about this Nichola! Glad its back working now :) Always here if you need us. MKa"
eng	positive	"Found someone I met long ago in Malta to come to @tomorrowland with me with the extra ticket I had :) #GTO #Tomorrowland #incall"
eng	positive	""@justinbieber: :)"why baby?😘😘😘"
eng	positive	"@knhillrocks HA yes, make it quick tho :D"
eng	positive	"Shobs incomplete :)) #friends #barkada #buddy https://t.co/xcRr0Ortvo"
eng	positive	"@Inkymole Thanks for being with us for so long :)"
eng	positive	"@SpazzyTsukihara i was :p"
eng	positive	"@ashtonboyf hey i hope u have / are having a good day :)"
eng	positive	"@PaupaPaupau follow @jnlazts &amp; http://t.co/RCvcYYO0Iq follow u back :)"
eng	positive	"What a great day to be at Silverstone today! @Silverclassic Beautiful Classic cars - and BONUS! We are there too! :D https://t.co/vwPuJj39QX"
eng	positive	"@YayoBruh Im streaming now dude i pull about 300 views all the time :)"
eng	positive	"Mum asked me if I wanted to go to the bookstore? Not sure if she knows me at all :) I'm off book shopping"
eng	positive	"@IrlyanaVL mind to follow back? :)"
eng	positive	"I feel like I haven't been keeping up with my friends lately like I should be smh. Ganna text them to see if they're all doing good :-)"
eng	positive	"@fromislet @_tmazur YEP - I would vote for her if I could ;-)) Just imagine Hillary Clinton as first female US president :-))"
eng	positive	"@parsnip45 thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@memorablezayn fback? :)"
eng	positive	"Every time I visit a court I notice something funny and slice of life-so many stories hidden there untapped :)"
eng	positive	""@zaynmalik just had a dinner with my love @Real_Liam_Payne love you babe ! :) x""
eng	positive	"@ThisOneNerd thank you! :D"
eng	positive	"@youmustbeborn thank you I really appreciate you taking the time to watch the video :)"
eng	positive	"lmaoo me and my mca team gettin HELLA money dm me now if u wana make FAST bandz ASAP!!!!:) http://t.co/JJK9zdfByc"
eng	positive	"@DebbyRyan_06 thank you so much :) #FF to you too"
eng	positive	"@sambirdracing Hell yes!! Will be at Donington Park on 24/25 hoping to see you and the team again! Season 2 is OURS :D @VirginRacingFE"
eng	positive	"@liamsmurs @ollyofficial thank you very very much it means everything even if I know he will never follow me back :)"
eng	positive	"@daissytolentino yea he drives people :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x30"
eng	positive	"Merci bien! Happy Friday mon amie :) https://t.co/7p76oJswBV"
eng	positive	"Home from vacation!:)"
eng	positive	"I'm a fan account for pitbull :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ...777x"
eng	positive	"@pauarmst @TranceAttack classic man good start to a Fri :)"
eng	positive	"@Siwon407 Annyeong oppa ^_^ i'm Indonesian ELF .. I'm so happy if u follback me :) please be my first follower :-D"
eng	positive	"@unborngirl I promise...  :p"
eng	positive	"@jakface_mcgee Thank you! :D :D"
eng	positive	"@narrhallamarsch Good Flight! :)"
eng	positive	"my bf is mean :)"
eng	positive	"My SNAPCHAT - jennyjean22 #snapchat #kikmeboys #model #french #kikchat #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexysasunday :) http://t.co/4zfuqqaLsW"
eng	positive	"@__GiveawayDMs_ it's actually 1 AM here hehe :) where do you live? It's strange to imagine..."
eng	positive	"@letsvillas Hi, greetings from Marseille :). Have a nice day !"
eng	positive	"Yummy! :) @jarpad @JensenAckles ^_^ https://t.co/4ZlpAdyfZL"
eng	positive	"@jerirecuenco you need help ganda? :)"
eng	positive	"10 loners this side please :)"
eng	positive	"@jadegordon @mc_frontalot I'm so glad you got to go! :)"
eng	positive	"#ff @WomenEd @Miss_Wilsey @EquitableEd @LCLL_Director @nataliehscott @HelenaMarsh81 @BLC_Head34   Excited to meet with you all (or Skype) :)"
eng	positive	"#FNAF4 has officially been released on steam! Definitely excited to watch people play it! :D"
eng	positive	"@Mehdi_Mustafa @Ali_SyedRaza  ROFL not going to happen, rest assured :D"
eng	positive	"CURRENT MOOD AF :-) http://t.co/yyoby5gBJq"
eng	positive	"just know I know :-)"
eng	positive	"@Gardener_John Ah. Keep goin sweety! :-) :-) big hugs!x"
eng	positive	"@chelsea_acker THAT'S what we like to hear! Lots of bubbles please! :-) #quacketyquack http://t.co/tucq8X8Nye"
eng	positive	"CURRENT MOOD AF :-) http://t.co/TYzKvdkHqM"
eng	positive	"@staybubbly69 yes! Your amazing. Keep going strong! Your the strongest person I know! So proud of you! :)"
eng	positive	"@LiamJenkins21 Hey Liam, know of any sweet spot's around the Barnstaple/Bideford to stay for a few days? Planning abit of a road trip :)"
eng	positive	"@Dued1_Roblox  credits to Rocro13glodyysbro :p"
eng	positive	"@rickoshea we're hiring - maybe some of your public would like a job? :-) http://t.co/CGCCBS1e6o"
eng	positive	"@gang_ree my day was beautiful :D you? 2NE1 is good too ^^"
eng	positive	"@cericneesh Aspetti is good! I was boring and had chicken and chips for tea because my cupboards are empty. :D"
eng	positive	"@room9271 thanks... I post 1 every night... usually Jamie and Ian are there...  :)"
eng	positive	""@fireddestiny21: #PSYGustoKita I'm a huge fan of Latin beauties :-) and QUEEN KATH is the ASIAN Latin version :-) http://t.co/BF7YfuQrPi""
eng	positive	"@CEISOFT Thanks for the fave :)"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? KIK : vaing642 #kik #kikgirl #french #model #orgasm #hannibal #phonesex :) http://t.co/n9lBW0OKb1"
eng	positive	"About ready to rip these spacers out. :):):)"
eng	positive	"@sshinhyex see you never ya :)))"
eng	positive	"@scottwindsor22 same :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Bday @EmilyBett! You are awesome. And Thank you for the Amazing Felicity Smoak! :) ❤👓💘"
eng	positive	"1 in 100 children are psychopaths :)"
eng	positive	"@mexeeN @FRSkyRRoZ spoile :)"
eng	positive	"Awesome :-)"
eng	positive	"@ilanconscious My pleasure  :)"
eng	positive	"Girls with dimples. :) http://t.co/nL6lkRIE26 &gt;&gt; http://t.co/nZLj6SWgij http://t.co/BMPfRjAb2d"
eng	positive	"@heatherbwriter yes am still contemplating indie route :-)"
eng	positive	"@JockSafari Another reason to love JSL :) See you there soon ;)"
eng	positive	"@drewharley67 @GerardButler Aren't you suppose to sleep by now? :-)"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ...76x"
eng	positive	"@GzaDaRambler Gotcha :)"
eng	positive	"@kinagrannis @lawyermomIowa Kina.  YOU are the best.. loves.  :) Hi Donna! :)  So great seeing you tonight!"
eng	positive	"@zachatrocity the Reachability + NC bug is still very much there!:p http://t.co/zVX09gx1K3"
eng	positive	"@paradisecreated yup! Should be really cool :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks to everyone who came to the show and tipped :) http://t.co/fZHtA3JEnq"
eng	positive	"Jk I have lots of people to chat with so ha :-)))))"
eng	positive	"bitter is the waiting till S02E04 airs  #Dominion :) https://t.co/gymItbEIAC"
eng	positive	"@aboelhassan_ you mean the naggy anal child? You don't want to keep that :p Happy birthday buddy"
eng	positive	"it was nice seeing @goehringlet today at vidcon :)"
eng	positive	"i was so anxious i was shaking and my dad was like calm down and then well apparently only 10:30 right :)"
eng	positive	"@brook_food @LisaBrookFood @FlourPowerCity1 @PhilpottsLtd Kinda wish it was "tipping down" here in the smoke... but...GOOD MORNING! :-)"
eng	positive	"Can't date someone white. sorry. Yo grandpa prolly wanna burn me. :)"
eng	positive	"I will fulfil all your fantasies :) 👉 http://t.co/WhkcOoWh39 👈🔥 http://t.co/Ubl93YSSxf"
eng	positive	"@Eric_Yeomans I stashed 3 of your closer-chasing specs in a league I am chasing saves...so yes...the walls have ears! :-)"
eng	positive	"@flacqua time for a bracelet? :)"
eng	positive	"Hi Dark Angel : MochaMichelle :) Wanna get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Simply go check my bi0. Thx https://t.co/mVPyDn1FYy"
eng	positive	"@axlrose995 @HikersHell @Tricia701 @ShiningJudgment Hope You Have A Happy Friday !! :-)"
eng	positive	"@tracysharpy3 @Debbeedale Thank you for coming ladies, so lovely to see you both :) We don't know either!!"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x29"
eng	positive	"@rachelmoonyy theres about 5 more hours till im prob gonna fall asleep :)"
eng	positive	"Only the good things :)"
eng	positive	"@salty_tamaki Ty :D I love it too :D Used to be my background, till they removed backgrounds :&lt;"
eng	positive	"Your love, O Lord, is better than life. :) &lt;3 https://t.co/KPCeYJqKLM"
eng	positive	"Morning All :)"
eng	positive	"@malgotoja hi Maggie- afraid my knowledge of Mull is limited (nil!:)). Have a look at @walkhighlands web page- definitely best place to look"
eng	positive	"We at Glasgow Netball wish the @NetballScotland #thistles all the best in their @netballworldcup  journey!! Good luck girls :-) #thistlelove"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter We call it the #FlipkartFashionFriday effect! :)  @PallaviRuhail"
eng	positive	"hi baby @shfly3424 I love you :)"
eng	positive	"@KtSheeps Minecraft is pretty boring when talking to people  It's even more boring when not talking to people :p"
eng	positive	"Drew :) pls:)"
eng	positive	"@WorldPerceived Thanks for the sharing the article :) @thebetterindia"
eng	positive	"@shikha123poddar yes mam :) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"Goodbye twitter. I will not be there for a long time. :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks @valeriecafe for my amazing birthday cake! It was so delicious, I didn't want to share haha :-) http://t.co/i02mJIWSr2"
eng	positive	"@Simonds_Stadium @jcowan_18 @nvardy30 @DanielMenzel10 @GeelongVFL Oops got my days muddled up. I'll be there  tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"These girls know how to hold a racket :) http://t.co/qubzNJbu1L http://t.co/wMvhbmp7um"
eng	positive	"@Mattys123 we're isolating Fas :p"
eng	positive	"@Anant10486 @Uber_Pune Share with us the experience of your #Icecream. Also don't forget to participate in #IcecreamMaster. :) Stay Tuned!"
eng	positive	"Come and check out the new group I made on Facebook https://t.co/6Uu1cf109G for small channels wanting to be big #LetItGrow &lt;3 :)"
eng	positive	"@0430alexu HUHU SHET :)))))))) Huhu I left my desk then when I got back, I saw that tweet. O_o orz"
eng	positive	"@2560chez thank you :) x"
eng	positive	"@goldskiesperrie @honestfandom oh my god hiii !!! :D"
eng	positive	"I'm high again :-) I love my stash :'-)"
eng	positive	"@nekonyoung no problemmmmmmm :D"
eng	positive	"Hi @StefanieScott i hope you're having a great time full of happiness :) I Love you ...75x"
eng	positive	"@jb_jaebumjb you have to write in English :))"
eng	positive	"hahaha.. yeeaayy. .. today i'm so HAPPY! !!! .. alhamdulillah God :)"
eng	positive	"@AlexandraTirziu Hey! I saw that you did a lot of sport - which did you like the most?:) #CEO1Month #SandroForCEO @AdeccoWaytoWork #happy"
eng	positive	"Lucky shot :)"
eng	positive	"like back :) — Done 😊 http://t.co/DTcpMEE0mD"
eng	positive	"@aepfel our pleasure! Let us know if there's anything else you need :)"
eng	positive	"Amin :) https://t.co/1FOMQssXzk"
eng	positive	"@TessaPearsonArt @VenetiaNorris - agree! What is a 'weed' anyway? I like definition of 'a plant growing in the wrong place' :-)"
eng	positive	"Going Home :)"
eng	positive	"Here it is, our #crowdfunding campaign! If we get our goal, we can walk on with this dream. Will you help us? :) http://t.co/tY9qr7g4my"
eng	positive	"@KSGPSD sounds romantic. :)"
eng	positive	"Hellooooooooo Friday! We meet again! :) Almost the weekend! :)"
eng	positive	"@AldiUSA love your store!!! Best chocolate selections :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you for the follow @RuthJackBBO, have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@SupportOrganize Hey Lynne, on FB the Buffer button will bring up your composer and you can Buffer an FB share. :)  -Mary"
eng	positive	"@ParkTheatre @NoBillington Thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"If you are looking to find out more about @VirtualUmbrella give me a shout, sending out lots of emails today :) #fridayfun"
eng	positive	"@ejay21falcon I'm a non-Filipina fan. :D #ejayster in the United States haha"
eng	positive	"Le Smile :) https://t.co/3thVpLwLMw"
eng	positive	"@Independent_ie OMG! I thought that was Stan Lee for a second there ❤️❤️ :)"
eng	positive	"@lorrybus Thank you! Was an amazing day :-)"
eng	positive	"Discovery of cousin Earth Kepler-452b at 1400 light yrs away, teleportation is the only possible way we arrive :-)  http://t.co/7MKOJIndxF"
eng	positive	"@Awaishooo Shahid Afridi tou young hi hai na abhi. talk about Mahnor baloch. she will never going to be old. :)"
eng	positive	"@NikkiFederer goodnight Nikki have a good one :) x"
eng	positive	"@Irenegilmour  Thanks for the flowers :)  #flowers http://t.co/fh9a7oArCT"
eng	positive	"@FranchiSeedsUK beautiful :) got blackfly on my courgette flowers this year .. any ideas? hopefully it wont affect the fruit"
eng	positive	"Appreciate your work a lot. You go! An Italian fan. :D @mrharrymelling"
eng	positive	"Never forget who was with you from the start.. :-)"
eng	positive	"got netfilx today! whoop whoop! :D"
eng	positive	"*on ma knees* Plz Be Mine @D_diva72: @KingDavid_d1st im unmarried...*checks my finger*...there's no rock on it :)""
eng	positive	"@sunpandey It will be put up here as and when it's due to release :)"
eng	positive	"wiellys Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@paulbeavers8 Hiya Paul can you send me the barcode number and we'll take a look :) - Charlotte"
eng	positive	"@CG_Rated thtas what I asked :)"
eng	positive	"@martyabbott936 @HomewoodSteve @Dazz747 @Eddie_Aviation @plane_spotters @pilotsimon208 @NicolaNeyhaul @thispiggy Thanks Marty. Gd weekend :)"
eng	positive	"New old pic from #trailblazerhonors  :) http://t.co/RiEjJqgulF"
eng	positive	"@GoodMovesL25 @WWhimsicals @_Megan_H @Andrew_Murray91 @sonjaclarkuk @Epic_Liverpool @JusSweetEnough Good morning :-)"
eng	positive	"The last thing Labour needs is a leader people want to vote for http://t.co/7zicZ1G0mb #jeremy4leader #jezwecan Do read - brilliant! :-)"
eng	positive	"@joohyunvrl definitely :D"
eng	positive	"Wanted sleep at that time,guess i got it...Morning :) @LADE_KRANE"
eng	positive	""@divarh15: @GraceGithakwa Seems like you go out alot" something like that..:)"
eng	positive	"agayhippiehippy Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@carondeslut I loved the song! Keep up the good work :)"
eng	positive	"@onlynewfaces hi check our final design :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"I don’t care that I have to force myself to exercise even when my body is screaming with pain :)"
eng	positive	"@FlowersandCards @katerina7711 hard to better a good ginger cat :))"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x28"
eng	positive	"@marypcbuk I don't see things as theres only one way to teach someone and raise awareness. anyway .. time for some real work ::) @aral"
eng	positive	"@IQAEuroGames GO GO FRANCE GO ! :)"
eng	positive	"@americascup Do you have stage times for Portsmouth live? :) x"
eng	positive	"@LivingLifeNottm @MummyandMonkeys thanks for linking :) x"
eng	positive	"@ArtForCause So glad you did Sonal. :) Are you on instagram? What's your id?"
eng	positive	"@WomenRAngels hungry!:-)"
eng	positive	"@chingyapp hmmm, i think night better :)"
eng	positive	"@P_Collin just a bit of fun......... Pedant  :-)"
eng	positive	"@Windows All my life :) Starting from Windows 98."
eng	positive	"PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :) http://t.co/AhbhLTjYzY"
eng	positive	"That new Real Madrid away kit looks like a night dress tho...But I like it :D"
eng	positive	"@_KatKennedy Ack! I do think you should read it :) I have heard only good things so far. It just seems.. awesome, hih :)"
eng	positive	"Getting ready for being a choir member :-)"
eng	positive	"rosidbinr Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@HamHamHammu @sterlingburd :c can i at least be a duke? Or an earl? :D"
eng	positive	"Take a good care of him tau awak :)"
eng	positive	"@thespringsteens looks like great fun! :)"
eng	positive	"@thalasalupa orayt! rock and roll to the world! :D"
eng	positive	"@ArpitaBaranwal1 @perfection_srj so sweet :) but u knw I tried to open but block dikha reh h .."
eng	positive	"You know.. I'm doing alright :)"
eng	positive	"@TraumaJunkie50 Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Adolf Hitler ...obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to but only to be broken. :-)"
eng	positive	"@hwsoh thanks bro :D"
eng	positive	"@emmestandsfor You should check the new article on our blog! @meet_roger is here :) This app is terrific!"
eng	positive	"@oldbirdxatu I know you would :)"
eng	positive	"AdvAddict_15 Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"why did i see this again :) my baby jimin http://t.co/sCwipJCrMj"
eng	positive	"@avonfvcks ID BE SO GRATEFUL IF YOU GIFTED ME #NotAnApology :-))"
eng	positive	"@seeyouelsewhere I hit the Map of The Googles and now I am more informed. Looks like quite a pretty little place :)"
eng	positive	"@ilkkalaukkanen ok, nice :) Btw 0.7.1 is coming today.. we try to fix those package dependencies there."
eng	positive	"I'm motherfucking happy and that's all that matters. :-)"
eng	positive	"@MikhailReptar will listen to your life later :)"
eng	positive	"I read David's tweet thinking "damn only one month of summer left? That sucks" but then I realized I start college August 24th too :))"
eng	positive	"Wifi on steroids today! :D"
eng	positive	"@sculptorfred Ha! I thought I had, so made sure I did! :)"
eng	positive	"alansmithpart2 Follback ya :)"
eng	positive	"@Beverleyward Yay! Happy Publication month! I will ask @bookcasehebden to order it for me :)"
eng	positive	"Servus Alice Bonasio! Happy to have you in our doido's family :) Tell me   what task do you want to delegate today? http://t.co/MquO7QcVqq"
eng	positive	"@daisychaindream Thanks lovely! #FF right back at you, have a lovely day :)"
eng	positive	"@MDWidlake @mnorgaard Aaahhh! I see... :)"
eng	positive	"@IleneVillanueva and you go and tell the whole world to touch them :-)"
eng	positive	"Thanks Jen...top weekend everyone! :) https://t.co/FjeTSJkmdq"
eng	positive	"@chruIlo I have to add that to my information :) to be virgin it means that I have to bleed until I die right!! is that what virgin means 😊"
eng	positive	"@badoinkofficial i can volunteer as one :p"
eng	positive	"@Mapbox Nice! Can we use it on non-Mapbox maps or is still restricted to be used only with Mapbox basemaps? (contractually speaking :))"
eng	positive	"@Anna_Colom @UCLGlobalHealth @bbcmediaaction thanks for this. We'll get this added to our student and researchers job board :)"
eng	positive	"@wiquot Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@janpaul love me just a little bit more :-)"
eng	positive	"@mmatto72 @Sandy_Toes75  I do love seafood :-)"
eng	positive	"@VJAdeel  Weltum he teh dety :p Huh =D"
eng	positive	"@tamrinm_sings oh okay, I am sure we will soon enough :)"
eng	positive	"10 followers who aren't part of that annoying twitter group this side please :)"
eng	positive	"Photoset: katmtan: For the Swan Queen fandom :) Sorry the others are blurry! I was so far away and was... http://t.co/uVAZ6cA1Ig"
eng	positive	"Half 10 start :D"
eng	positive	"@syukribinahmad have fun besok.. :)"
eng	positive	"Sighs"@dcodedboii: Dont b stupid @sleekyskillz: Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)"""
eng	positive	"@jamestheeight Hey James, thanks for the tweet. Not currently, no :). Let us know if we can help with anything else. -AL"
eng	positive	"@MyGardenCoachUK Appreciate the follow. Like your tweets :) Dorset is a beautiful place!"
eng	positive	"@joohyunvrl you are a goddess :D"
eng	positive	"I honestly had a blast getting shitfaced with the chat and with all you kind souls donating over 70$ tonight, singing disney songs was :D"
eng	positive	"@derabbie Hi Doug, how are you today? Thanks a lot for the follow, I look forward to tweeting with you :)"
eng	positive	"@The_Witty_SRK @DeewaniVeronica Counted it too :p 28* Bnte hain ;p"
eng	positive	"Shiiiitt :)"
eng	positive	"@AtushaAvarus..Yes, we all do sometimes. It will pass :)"
eng	positive	"@readin_glasses in that case, cat videos are for all moods. I swear by them. :D"
eng	positive	"@SyasyaSodikin rm35 but still can negooo, male :)"
eng	positive	"@gfcuppatea Just like our sister show just said to you. Morning and welcome. :-) Have a good day"
eng	positive	"@akeihito @jongdeism madeline was in a little school run by nuns with a group of other little girls :-)"
eng	positive	"@Khaled_Moualdi I don't have anything I need to wake up for :)"
eng	positive	"Good mornin my beautiful yapsters :-) Happy Friday and all that to you :-) xx"
eng	positive	"@grim_tenmiles Finally got to ply my copy at ICON, so happy about that. And yes, I LOVE Alchemists :D @SilentiSonas @nxtrms"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x27"
eng	positive	"@iocat Yes. Thats very good!:) Hope some news for dayz in game preview :)"
eng	positive	"Thug :)"
eng	positive	"@mindwiped but tomorrow lmao hehe :D"
eng	positive	"#ShareTheLove @hotwifecleo @_PetPuK_ @omaro22omaro for being top HighValue members this week :)"
eng	positive	"@ReviewResorts @outboundapp thanks for sharing! Enjoy the app! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"@taemihns halsey : )"
eng	positive	"@Manavparekh @BhaktisBanter pretty but not for a holiday :) #FlipkartFashionFriday"
eng	positive	"Happy 30th wedding anniversary to my folks :)"
eng	positive	"Just in case Bae acts brand new :)💘"
eng	positive	"@doublefall i'll have to ask first &gt;.&lt; i'll tell you in a few when she replies? :)"
eng	positive	"@Condor_Ferries how's things looking for tomorrow? Does anything look like it will go wrong? :)"
eng	positive	"When you complain to someone about something and in the middle of your conversation they ask to go to sleep. Wtf. Rude :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/IGc54dj3fJ."
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @Teny101"
eng	positive	"Jgh bonding with ma niggs :)) @_bonakid @Vernicks @glnntbngy @fafaarbiee_ http://t.co/7uiVxbZNMp"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman  Bring it on :)) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"Linking up with ReadingRes for #wordoftheweek #WotW http://t.co/2qdM3SDbMq Happy place!!! :-)"
eng	positive	"4:18am US EST... yeah, I earn money while I sleep....  The thing about me is... I don't sleep :-)... http://t.co/LdArqsrqa9"
eng	positive	"@JessLarum @mdoyle08 haha WHATEVS, JESS! we all know you thought surry hills was near botany! :)"
eng	positive	"@LilPinkN1NjA Awwwww cute :D"
eng	positive	"@kungfuman316 Well, Gel didn't know, I think... but yeah Alison might. :p"
eng	positive	"@Faakh Lsa :D :D :D unexpected response fron unexpected person ;)"
eng	positive	"Another #ThankYou! for Debbie &amp; Carol :) “Thanks for seeing a record number of patients in the discharge lounge yesterday.  You're great!”"
eng	positive	"Hi -@imrizzagaddi here :)"
eng	positive	"@BillyAshworth93 Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie bro :))"
eng	positive	"Just got back from Walmart :-)"
eng	positive	"@angel_mahiyaa @apki_jasmine @pagallarkee @sweet_heena ok try to balance both twitter n studies.. but don't take a leave :)"
eng	positive	"@hayleybrown750 morning Hayley :-)"
eng	positive	"With the shoulder pads mounted my Inquisitor is finished... for now :) #Cosplay #cosplayprogress… https://t.co/LrmYdhJRBF"
eng	positive	"@gamewriterMike no problem Mike. :)"
eng	positive	"@cshottubhire @whittakerdesig1 @GEM_Business67 @Oldham_Hour Tank u, have a great one hope ur busy :)"
eng	positive	"@sunny_hundal is that an issue? I dunno. Housing. Low pay. Job insecurity. NHS. Devolution. Dress that up in patriotism if you like :-)"
eng	positive	"@sweettoothmarti Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@hallasdt hey halla, i love your group, the ark! Its nice to meet you too, jiyeon's the name :)"
eng	positive	"Here if you want the full thing @SoaRJect :) https://t.co/Rgw0QCJ0Mo"
eng	positive	"@BurntBrian352 Awesome Catch A Buzz video,Burnt Brian! That smoke mist is cool to the extreme!!! :D"
eng	positive	"OPI Avoplex Nail and Cuticle Replenishing Oil 15ml   Ideal for rough heels and elbows too :) http://t.co/heuCtQaFlK"
eng	positive	"@timbudgen I'm serious - each one of those where an amazing submission in themselves. You've done well these weeks :)"
eng	positive	"@LiamMitch99 Really glad to hear it. :) If you have anymore problems or need us we're only a tweet away. ^LB"
eng	positive	"@Aas2727 But living in good memories always cherish you as well :)"
eng	positive	"Last night was flipping great fun! Learnt how to do a backflip :D  #JumpGiants #Backflip #FoamPit… https://t.co/sYYEwHxr5l"
eng	positive	"I just made a song :D :D Plz give me some feedback Link:: …"
eng	positive	"@ejay21falcon I LOVE YOU!! From the USA. :)"
eng	positive	"@meliefluous pamer? :)"
eng	positive	"@RyDemps89 Here's your invite to become a Scope influencer :) Details here: http://t.co/rrIFS8s3EK"
eng	positive	"@TonuvaCoaching @CoachLee @AnnieLN @marshawright @raybebaby781 @StefanPowell @OpenUniversity @prospect_uk @DrVictoriaG most kind thks -:)"
eng	positive	"@zachbraff @torixoxx this is kind of true :p #ActuallyThough"
eng	positive	"Today's Arts and crafts session with Mehtab Aunty :)"
eng	positive	"Just landed in GC!! Yeeew of to pre LAN :)"
eng	positive	"@LuiisaAmadoo yeey :D"
eng	positive	"@korsikoff Strangely enough, the number of points you'll get all year too :))))"
eng	positive	"@ZedDBA No idea. I have to phone up and arrange. :)"
eng	positive	"Morning Twitter People :D"
eng	positive	"A little doodle of the star of my comic, Summoner, which will be back up soon :) #art #doodle http://t.co/7bgF2Y1Zc2"
eng	positive	"@DatArabKiid none for you :) 🙅 http://t.co/M0M7ozhbxB"
eng	positive	"@winnerdumb_ mind to follback? :)"
eng	positive	"@LondonLycra can I see legs in lycra :p"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @Motlakasello"
eng	positive	"@VincentNewen Yes Vincent. We'll definitely do something about it.  :)"
eng	positive	"@ScottReevesFans where s his official account? :) couldnt find one."
eng	positive	"@sweettoothmarti should keep you going for a few mins lol :-)))))"
eng	positive	"@composurs listen :-) buddy :-) u wanna play it like this :-)"
eng	positive	"@JoelSuthesh You're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@CoolBlindTech Thanks for the follow! :)"
eng	positive	"@RoySangwooKim congrats, Roy! :D"
eng	positive	"@banouuu what ???:p"
eng	positive	"Agree great advice for all here :)  https://t.co/uKtJ8epz17"
eng	positive	"@gloomyhome when you have time, need  no bg img circle crops of our heads help with font? :D thanks! http://t.co/KQ8pICkSlC"
eng	positive	"@TheSYLEPress @SciFiNow Great! I regret not getting a signed copy of #DeathOfGrass. John added "thanks for loan of the lawnmower" :-)"
eng	positive	"@FraserNelson @Telegraph not a popular,or charismatic man.he will thrive long as the economy does,n when bubbles bursts so will Georgie :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x26"
eng	positive	"This is great! :) https://t.co/deNyWenYXW"
eng	positive	"@dayordonez_ I'll save you some :)"
eng	positive	"@ealilovic Don't get your hope up, you must travel a million years to get there in the first place :) #fls #sorry"
eng	positive	"@AndyHarker1 I will do. You too!! :) xx"
eng	positive	"@joohyunvrl you have the kindest heart I ever know :D"
eng	positive	"Hey @SydHillsChamber welcome to our building. :) will drop in and say hello sometime next week."
eng	positive	"@spencerspellman thanks! ICeland was amazing! Crazy landscapes - hope you can get there soon! :)"
eng	positive	"@zid_1899 yok lah.. see you :p"
eng	positive	"@smitty6253 @Banks @Fintech @Pgelis @DuenaBlomstrom @StuartHeyworth going to be alot easier one way than the other is my view :)"
eng	positive	"@8eff @OrangeKenya Why? i like it :)"
eng	positive	"@labelsforlunch such a cute bag! :) #freebiefriday"
eng	positive	"Beautiful front view of La Concordia College visited and reunited with my friend xxxibmchll :)… https://t.co/icDEqKNMP6"
eng	positive	"Views from our office are pretty awesome and this is the ugly side! The sea side is even prettier :) http://t.co/c3dDU2rxnv"
eng	positive	"Hello this is not Imitatia oe Michelle, leave a mention :) #bot"
eng	positive	"@0lliebudz I was waiting for a comeback  about how gross I am :-)"
eng	positive	"“ To treat two different things as equal is a form of injustice ”   #feminism #ineedfeminismbecause .. actually we don't :p"
eng	positive	"Soon... we haven't forgotten about our people from PTA :-) http://t.co/RXceUxbGY5"
eng	positive	"@GrahamTownsend wait... is EVERYONE in that photo on the phone? I wonder if they are talking to each other lol :D"
eng	positive	"@MrBoltonPTpage Why thank you James! If you're stuck for which cocktail to try next I definitely recommend the Virgin Redhead :) ^J"
eng	positive	"@rosehut1 Thanks for your RTs Rose, much appreciated. :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/lrUwXe378i."
eng	positive	"Wacky :D https://t.co/UThCcBQnKD"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/CcAoyyAGJ7."
eng	positive	"U should rather be finding the "BESTS" of a person than finding WORSTS, this makes ur life easy n the others too #WayToLiveAHappyLife :)"
eng	positive	"@Kandelamison You're welcome - thanks for following back! :-)"
eng	positive	"Awesome - looks a lot like the Hoxton in Holborn :) @TheHospitalClub  https://t.co/FJoaQ40aKz"
eng	positive	"@thefrfamily @thenthefunbegan @larabee @3princess_1dude @LuminaraKing Thanks so much :) xx"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/FLVKMeaL1i TODAY IN TEE TOURNAMENT!! #EqualityAct GET YOURS FOR ONLY 11$!! :D http://t.co/7lwnbd1KvJ"
eng	positive	"@KBaitup oh no.....hope he's okay Karen. If he's like my old dog was he'll just start wagging his bum instead :)"
eng	positive	"wwoooo late nite drawings everyone come watch :) https://t.co/iWTWzRFrKt"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @Thabang53214134"
eng	positive	"@Laiten1 @Kirst_Barrett That's ok :) Laiten - that's interesting, would you be able to tell us what the card looks like....?"
eng	positive	"@AndreyRussia33 I fell asleep arond 1:30 but it was really late considering I was working before and should have been exhausted :)"
eng	positive	"Oh its mean, i am mature :) http://t.co/dHZqvQ9YFq"
eng	positive	"#FF keeping me busy :) @BrightGroup_USA @Bright_Group @FL_Childrens @FaberChildrens @AnimalStudio1 @HMHKids @bedfordcollege @Candlewick xx"
eng	positive	"@MottFree Thanks for playing #JourneyPS4!  :D"
eng	positive	"The foam inside some lady's bra can mob a river!!!!:D=D. True or false?"
eng	positive	"@GeoffCrowther1 @Goldenorfephoto just about send an all persons bulletin.. well.. tweet. Folk on here are fantastic!  :)"
eng	positive	"Spring Fiesta 2015   Make Some Noise, Awuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!! Aich :)"
eng	positive	"Its Sept 4th #rudramadevi #anushka @RanaDaggubati #Gunashekar Sir :) http://t.co/T0WI8giNeb"
eng	positive	"harryxhood you're really pretty and I love the feel of your account so yaya that's nice :) we don't talk at all which is upsetting"
eng	positive	"@RyanGage Ooh what's that you're reading? New Humanist, that sounds interesting. Have you seen The Happy Reader magazine? :)"
eng	positive	"Username Changed! :D"
eng	positive	"Rape time at it’s best :D http://t.co/fC5U1TusUk &gt;&gt; http://t.co/GBxQmizM7O http://t.co/0Um6xgpsAn"
eng	positive	"school in 5 weeks :)"
eng	positive	"Check out my ride in #CSRRacing for Android! Try it for FREE! http://t.co/XVIgThe1j3 a new one :) http://t.co/fLbjhBYcEY"
eng	positive	"@Nutsflipped_z_1 @Medina9996 :D absolutely. &amp; by the way, not 2 mention the lack of hygiene of tose very long clothes during hot temperature"
eng	positive	"you have changed so many lives too :) We love you so much! Best idols on the planet ♥  https://t.co/TmbsVgkBGw"
eng	positive	"@mattturner102 Thanks as always for sharing the @NTYorkshire love Matt :) Will you be braving the weather this weekend?"
eng	positive	"Ready for the #GES2015Kenya :-) http://t.co/8kFb2ZjDPd"
eng	positive	"@r77ank Great work Ryan!, super tidy! DM us your size &amp; address and we will post your #HagerGang t-shirt to you! :D"
eng	positive	"@hunnest12 My bad :D ChanHun already have individual photoshoot afterall~"
eng	positive	"@NKWarraich Sadkaay,,, Tharkness at peak :)"
eng	positive	"@F_O_R_E_S_TBOY WEll if that was a heatwave, we've lowered our standards. :-)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x25"
eng	positive	"No Exams Today :-)"
eng	positive	"@jayyycgee Well you're about to get recruited to Team Doom. So The Nasty Crew is going to be affiliated. &gt;:)"
eng	positive	"@jazminbonilla77 jazmin Bonilla :), Wanna Secret guide to get Free Stars Kim Hollywood? Should check it now before you missed on my Bio"
eng	positive	"After Earth! :)) http://t.co/nrqNiBm7Ks"
eng	positive	":) where are you situated? @Hijay09"
eng	positive	"@yamunakrish3 Cool :-)"
eng	positive	"@oppentrapp Cool :D"
eng	positive	"@JCMag82 Hi John, please call +33 1 64 74 40 00 or go to City Hall to know if someone found Ted. Have a lovely day :)"
eng	positive	"Pixgram is an app to have a creative slideshow with photos and music you love. Download Pixgram for free :) https://t.co/iiqnFeiB5s 😒🌚"
eng	positive	"Today is a Happy Day :)) ."
eng	positive	"@rhutapatil Yeah sure. :)"
eng	positive	"@CptFrantastic tentatively nibbling an apple and it seems okay :) xxx"
eng	positive	"@davidwarner31 Awwww! Ivy,I love her so much,more than you I wanna meet her! ^-^ Sho cute and sweet. :D #Angel :)"
eng	positive	"@shraddhaa9 btw will you remember... :)"
eng	positive	"@Yolandy @Veho Post the vid! :)"
eng	positive	"@sweetnuskie i just did, i don't get it tbh :p but Ellie with superpowers is what i live for so i'm happy :p"
eng	positive	"when u r obsessed with OTH and watching the whole show for a third time  :)))) 💗"
eng	positive	"when he thanked liam this year :)))))))) https://t.co/teLnqw7vMR"
eng	positive	"@RSkrillex @kiranmanral @TurkeyIndia @TurkishAirlines @TK_INDIA @sid_travel thanks :)"
eng	positive	"I love @NabilahJKT48 ,Problem? :) #NgarepFollbackDariNabilahJKT48"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/OE2D7PDVx4."
eng	positive	"@kentonchristina Lol! Big is beautiful and that applies to sunglasses too. Jackie O sunnies never go out of style :)))"
eng	positive	"@johnsonef184562  You're very welcome and than You :)"
eng	positive	"@DMedibot (( its okay, now they're even! :D goodnight ))"
eng	positive	"@vinitneo great :), what did you think of it?"
eng	positive	"@CoralKeers @CharlieL87 will do thanks. :)"
eng	positive	"@JLo Happy Birthday Jlo  :D Forever JLovers &lt;3 I love you :)) Come to Turkey, Please :)"
eng	positive	"#Goodafternoon &lt;3 Thanks for the collage &lt;3 Loved it :) http://t.co/WHa6yK5sWp"
eng	positive	"@GoodwynsPetFood I would love some treats for my little furry friend Bruce :) x"
eng	positive	"@natsu1725 @AdeccoWaytoWork  I did it ! I read all of it :)   #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@zakky12345 @kajen_bhavya Imagine News aayegi K is doing 3 Timming wiw Bips, Zareen &amp; Daisy.. B'coz 2 timming normal karte hai.. :p"
eng	positive	"@annisast okay. Thank you mak ∗lega∗ :))"
eng	positive	"They has a point! :) #marketing #branding http://t.co/DNL7f9WtXc"
eng	positive	"I really really really really really really like you :) :)  #PSYGustoKita http://t.co/0fRd6bgkjE"
eng	positive	"@nikkiaston Thank you very much for sharing, we are delighted that you enjoyed your day with us! :-)"
eng	positive	"@DonnaMatton working it out, keep smiling :)"
eng	positive	"Lucky me! ~ Thanks sa spag and cake!! :)) &lt;3"
eng	positive	"@RolfeW Thanks for the follow back! :)"
eng	positive	"@ocecad34 hello :)"
eng	positive	"In the boat business maybe it's "outboarding" too;)) coming back from a spell, reboarding?:) firing=offboarding! #HR https://t.co/l2Mcd1bW3w"
eng	positive	"@Lee_Chetwynd Good morning! SN16 9DG but stop following and follow signs instead as soon as you see them :)"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/pM64zaogPN http://t.co/IGg9sNMM1O"
eng	positive	"Why not :-) http://t.co/fhHCzktuxM"
eng	positive	"@shawill73 Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Time to Fly :D"
eng	positive	"@yashjejani he has a very good system, he trades bnf for 50 points. :) @TraderAdda"
eng	positive	"@Omundson If you got nothing to do tonight,there's a concert of @PaulCarella (he joined Jason&amp;Rob in Feb at their tour) at @theborderline :)"
eng	positive	"#VictoriaSecret #store is #open in #Finland #Helsinki #airport . Got to get a plane ticket to somewhere :)"
eng	positive	"@OFCPangakoSayo So SWEET... Both of you are THE BEST. :)"
eng	positive	"Beyond excited for LA :-)"
eng	positive	"@nixdeedavid onting tiis lng yan Nikki :) ;) u'll get better anytime soon!"
eng	positive	"@PrinSlays you good lol I see how you feeling at nights :p"
eng	positive	"@samloughlin40 @MyRhodia no problem :)"
eng	positive	"Steve Bell on John Prescott and the Labour leadership contest – cartoon http://t.co/RL68MFPtev Let loose the dog! :)"
eng	positive	"Upside down :D http://t.co/TPwmADzibD"
eng	positive	"Thanks for your favorite @forcommoncause! You are so appreciated. :)"
eng	positive	"@AyaiZafri so next time you should get your fact right before making such a statement..:-) #SelamatHariRaya http://t.co/xR1W7ZijCk"
eng	positive	"My running track this morning :) #lovesummertime Duke Dumont - I Got U (Official video) ft. Jax Jones https://t.co/WYD2wjFwN9 via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"@smilebcbye :) awesomeee"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x24"
eng	positive	"@scorp84 Perfect! It makes us so happy when you guys are content :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks Geoff :) @GPAssetFinance @BuyLocalVoucher @BeckettandCo @FrankHuntLondon @ellisonprinting @TheGastroClub @elitecleaning08"
eng	positive	"Update: just finished packing and now the fly is stuck in my room :))))))))"
eng	positive	"@GetOutKids This is brilliant :)"
eng	positive	"@Amm_Kelly Hey and thank you for following :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday to the amazingly talanted @mitchgrassi Hope this year brings you happiness and success because you deserve it all. Cheers :)"
eng	positive	"Enjoy the pics!!!! :D"
eng	positive	"FNAF 4 dropped...looks like no sleep 4 me : )))))"
eng	positive	"@ImJustKindle I'll just be sitting over here with an android phone like :)"
eng	positive	"follow my vsco :-) http://t.co/mrOzcRmNgO"
eng	positive	"@NautiPawz Thankies! :D It's fucking hot! :D xx"
eng	positive	"#FF @UltimateWedMag @wimagazine @weddinghelperuk @W_W_WeddingBlog @WeddingIdeas_TV @thewedcommunity our shoot Mon :) http://t.co/LMK5AEV1EK"
eng	positive	"@KnowledgeMagIND  Yes I'm in &lt;3 BTW good hash tag :D #IfIMeetAnAlien"
eng	positive	"Yaaay I get to see my bff tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"@glitchfish looks gorgeous :)"
eng	positive	"@RosieTheRunt @InokumaT You poor little thing! But what a cutie! :))"
eng	positive	"Have a happy weekend everyone and smile a lot. :)"
eng	positive	"@morrisblitz @sidmouthfolk if you want to catch up on last year's go to @MadJacksMorris YouTube page and go to the players section :-)"
eng	positive	"@real_liam_payne can u follbaaack me? :)"
eng	positive	"@KrisWilliams81 really? That's great. Once it cools down a bit here in AZ, i might give this &amp; the cauliflower one an attempt. Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@soKRISme enjoy :) prinsesa"
eng	positive	"@toots069 Yaaah both families, ours and sa side ng brother in law ko, back home are so happy and with peace of mind na. :)"
eng	positive	"@StepintolifeYvl Amazing news! Enjoy your toy :)"
eng	positive	"@imvnaj @bahetiridham @cinghh @sonamtillani Yesss!!! Sonaaaaaaa  is so beautifull :))))"
eng	positive	"ribs :)"
eng	positive	"@truemuscle @SwallowUsDaily think in could get a sponsor :)"
eng	positive	"Oops, here's another one. Josephine's mirror. :) http://t.co/qwQOdEGPnS"
eng	positive	"@GuyLongworth yours too :))"
eng	positive	"@HyundaiIndia #CretaPerfect4Me #CRETAperfectSUV Creta Has Won Loads Of Hearts In Some Days, Many More Hearts To Be Won :)"
eng	positive	"@IRMUK  thanks for following @theWordCardiff #telecoms Happy Friday :)"
eng	positive	"@judyetmkmma Thanks again for the retweet Judy :)"
eng	positive	".@TraveleadsUK Thanks for following us! Have a superb Friday :) #ff"
eng	positive	"@NightingaleMCPE Wait, we're not in the YouTube comment section of a video that slightly mentions science, are we? :)"
eng	positive	"Meet Rakna :-) already love this little guy so much http://t.co/L8KX8flvcl"
eng	positive	"We r with u :-) http://t.co/mFIfaWQj3H"
eng	positive	"@GallearBecca ew whose playing fifa ? And wow sounds like a good lineup :))"
eng	positive	"@74369slacker thank you :) I wouldn't survive P90x either, I'm only doing the P90, that's the easy version :)"
eng	positive	"#Dishoom Make way for #Rajnigandha :) Only 3 days to go before I share with u all my version of this beautiful #song http://t.co/Tl4Hj7Pb8u"
eng	positive	"@eonnicchi the leader is Minju, the rapper is Yuna, the lead vocal is Yujin, i am Visual, maknae is Jane :)"
eng	positive	"i was literally just about to give up and just get general tickets but i tried one more time and i finally got m&amp;g :-)"
eng	positive	"@LukeDAnello Hah, given Hawk fans are saying they are the greatest side in history along with their team of the 80s, talkback will be fun :D"
eng	positive	"@goldfrapp I'm sure it will be worth the wait. How exciting :-) x"
eng	positive	"@himma85 We are in process of listing this feature mostly for all the cinema's. :)"
eng	positive	"Also, went driving for an hour today, and on more main roads to the shops, and it went quite well :) thanks @ThatJessGirl92 😘😘"
eng	positive	"Waiting for @sugarblaster to defend this new fashion atrocity :p"
eng	positive	"I�m a Pandimensional being, you should see my other manifestations :)"
eng	positive	"@cyrilthecynic Hey, for any further information you can give Argos card a ring on 0345 640 70 70 :)  Nad"
eng	positive	"@_kimikoo you're jealous of me :) and yes plezzzz😭 im so hungry rn"
eng	positive	""Hey I think I'm gonna have an asthma attack I don't have my inhaler"   "omg r u gonna be ok???"   "Yeah u just took my breathe away :)""
eng	positive	"@Bluegirl200345 We're always here if you want to talk :) ~😊"
eng	positive	"left @TheColtRising wasn't a good fit for the team, goodluck in the future guys! :)"
eng	positive	"@ClaireGibbsUK fantastic!!! Brilliant news :)"
eng	positive	"Blog Post &gt; THE HUNGER GAMES: MOCKINGJAY - PART 2 (2015): No More Teasers :-) http://t.co/QGsQkvrDIi  #TheHungerGames http://t.co/yOTeNaX7yR"
eng	positive	"@unwoman EVERYONE adored you. Talking about it long after you left. New fans. I knew that would be the case. :-)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x23"
eng	positive	"@Troylr5ever hey, it's Reina :) Sorry for sounding weird, I felt like crying. http://t.co/ixPpsNWiQG"
eng	positive	"I blogged, here it is :) Any excuse will not do!  Problem attenders http://t.co/qat0oRRfvY via @Michelle_mvhr"
eng	positive	"John is my fav too! :) and I also can't wait to see it!! https://t.co/KDb3D37RnI"
eng	positive	"@saritray2001 @ShiladityaBora Thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"@MariaMoreroa #happy friday whn is u birthday all u younger sisters :D:))"
eng	positive	"@andrekutyan Good going Andre! Keep it up :)"
eng	positive	"@annneeee06 Mamayang 11pm part 2 something about 1D magic 89.9 radio :)"
eng	positive	"@veijayen hahaha agreed with you sir ...:D @nair_rinku"
eng	positive	"@alpstart Powys, close to the Shropshire border  :)"
eng	positive	"@BBCNews @David_Cameron PICK ME PLEASE EMPLOYERS! :) http://t.co/vkKit1XOnT"
eng	positive	"School's finally out, and only three weeks left until I'm back in San Diego. :)"
eng	positive	"@PriestClass I jump all the time :p"
eng	positive	"@sambirdracing Me!! You'll have my support! :D"
eng	positive	"@ungiftedfuck thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@985_6097 LOL :) Thank you. He is definitely a source of appeasement..."
eng	positive	"@ShadEO9 No worries! Let us know how it goes :) ¦ AJ"
eng	positive	"@EndresErik Ever been in this situation? https://t.co/FlhnHFZlSW - Thanks for the favourite :)"
eng	positive	"@EndresErik My kid has this certain action when he does his little grunt - http://t.co/ACVMP4xiDw - Thanks for favouriting :)"
eng	positive	"Then sc me :)"
eng	positive	"@Barrastinian @chunkymark they would call it the Anti-Christ m8 :D"
eng	positive	"@BergsonSandra Its getting big! :-)"
eng	positive	"@JaHz73 Thanks for the share Ju :D"
eng	positive	"Yes, He does :) [pic] — https://t.co/WDgaxar1T7"
eng	positive	"@UrTypicalDragon @MC_Lindseyy yes jack i fucking am :) thanks."
eng	positive	"@PrinceOfRnbZJM please read and reply my dm please.. :)"
eng	positive	"@spike_osullivan @ssearena @TheXFactor Brilliant :-)"
eng	positive	"@PopsRamjet come one, every now and then is not so bad :)"
eng	positive	"Halfway around the world and you've got nothing better to do, but to go after your ex best friend who's forgotten all about you :-)"
eng	positive	"@EnRoute2BeFit If people don't have anything postive to say they should keep their opinions to themselves :) Looking good / strong as always"
eng	positive	"@GUCCIGiRRL_ I luv ur avi :)))"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday lovelies! Have a great day and a lovely weekend :)  #friday #smile #weekend #fridayfeeling http://t.co/3ZEfQHXe4y"
eng	positive	"@steer_michael Dare you to run in the corridor :-)"
eng	positive	"@llMGWVll Thank you so much for the mention! You're Awesome!! :)"
eng	positive	"@THEINFORMINE Hello :) and #FFBack !"
eng	positive	"Close enough? 👯 hmmmm :)))) https://t.co/liow4bIzI7"
eng	positive	"@Alex_OllyM_NH me neither :) excited!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉 xxx"
eng	positive	"@tammysoffices You can! :) Here's a quick rundown: https://t.co/ajnqMJww1e -Mary"
eng	positive	"@vyroh20_  done yah :)"
eng	positive	"Get the amazing leviboard! This thing is the future of travel! Buy now and get 20% off :) Go to… https://t.co/xItDPKMSzn"
eng	positive	"Black and blue :) https://t.co/v3jnKWMxCM"
eng	positive	"Welcome to Kleper-452b!!   :) https://t.co/KaTMAjqaTH"
eng	positive	"@ellekagaoan @chinmarquez Catch up once in a while :( &gt;:D&lt; @aditriphosphate @ErinMonzon"
eng	positive	"It's my birthday and once again @RebeccaMorse10 proves why she is my favourite news reader with her impeccable fashion sense :)"
eng	positive	"@_ridabot let's talk about setokido :D"
eng	positive	"@binkle yeah really I shoulda had my hippo ones on :)"
eng	positive	"@oxyoshi_ done :)"
eng	positive	"Help me be materialistic and enter this showpo giveaway :D *cough*@Artofsleepingin*cough* http://t.co/InF1DVKHZk"
eng	positive	"@_kairoline i asked @dll_fshoppe if she can open :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x22"
eng	positive	"@schangmine follow me back? thankyou! :)"
eng	positive	"@ArakinUK @Huskyteer I trust you backed it then :)"
eng	positive	"@crinklysmilelou thank you! :D"
eng	positive	"@Clevelandpro65 Thanks.:)☺️"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber it makesme happy to see this :) keep smiling we love u"
eng	positive	"@Shovz92 @Meli_bytes Sorted :D Santorini here we come #Escape"
eng	positive	"@beatport to team up with @Spotify . Hoping to find the Beatport collection via Spotify soon! :) http://t.co/Lvycav0kNH"
eng	positive	"HELLO! 👊🏻“@YayanijadeEpal: Hi :)  #TRMDHesitant”"
eng	positive	"@Merinpinpin Manuel Valls, King of the Seven Kingdoms, King of the Andals and the First Men :D"
eng	positive	"@CurlyWhirleez Hi guys, how's it going? Thanks for the follow! Have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"Someone more mature than me taught me once how to hide your privacy. He was wise. :) Now it's time to me to grow up in some ways."
eng	positive	"@DancingSakura Natsuki often writes really catchy songs :D"
eng	positive	"Coughed myself awake :-)"
eng	positive	"@arsenalnewsasit You're welcome Neil :). What's the next match in Emirates?"
eng	positive	"@HolmesdaleCC Brill let us know when will have camera ready :)"
eng	positive	"@stumac1974 Urquhart Castle: http://t.co/bSgiJFpICc Find all events here: http://t.co/cCS5QGfkk7 Hope that helps :)"
eng	positive	"@TetrologyGaming @Adobe @ZynovFTW @MrProWestie @TwoScotsmen simple is generally better. But I like the glass shatter one. Nice contrast :)"
eng	positive	"Anyone need a ride to #educampAKL tomorrow? Am leaving Rotorua early in the morning. Can pick people up on the way if you'd like to come! :)"
eng	positive	"@Humna__Khan pehly gold phir old... :D"
eng	positive	"somi is definitely so much more beautiful and better than you will ever be so i guess you people are just jealous bc you ain't her :-)"
eng	positive	"Happy burfday to me :D"
eng	positive	"Here's a cute panda to make your day! :) http://t.co/jeVWqXIK1r http://t.co/DIL4YjCadQ"
eng	positive	"I Need You :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"@LukePolistena Glad to hear that they solved it Luke :) What was the name of the store so we can pass on your kind words? Gen"
eng	positive	"Late Lunch :) #KFC @ University of Santo Tomas https://t.co/j21mgszCC8"
eng	positive	"@NefariousBella9 @laurenkatebooks @Fallen_Series @FallenSagaEn @Fallenatics17 @Addijay love it! :)"
eng	positive	"@Author_Swati I'm so proud to have worked on it, I hope you enjoy it. Let me know you're views once you do :)"
eng	positive	"@clmazin @johnaugust Norhing but the Dialogue was so helpful! More like this please! Love you guys :)"
eng	positive	"@siany30 Thank you for coming last night! Was great to see you :)"
eng	positive	"@flowersandcards Have a lovely time! If you get a chance, come say hello to us in the Garden &amp; Home Area, really hope you enjoy the show :)"
eng	positive	"You call me anything along the lines of "Jojo" and I will chainsaw you. :-)"
eng	positive	"All I'm just gonna do is laugh and shake my head - Life is filled with a lot amusement :) Lol"
eng	positive	"@Shenali_t sure will! :))"
eng	positive	"@TheHouseOfMan Appreciate the follow :) have a lovely weekend!"
eng	positive	"Sense Of Awe :) http://t.co/JTjojcdhWG via @Dilbert_Daily"
eng	positive	"She's nice. :-)"
eng	positive	"Here's a cute panda to make your day! :) http://t.co/WRhMpnLpq3 http://t.co/RsCxtwKaeI"
eng	positive	"Not strong at moment... but me get better so can protect! :D"
eng	positive	"Need a shower and food first though :)"
eng	positive	"@mundeduk may well pop round 2ish. It's the school holidays :)"
eng	positive	"@thefahadmustafa.waiting fahad bhai... :-) and please invite #iqrar and #waseem bhai in your show"
eng	positive	"@ileana_official Its not fair...... what about us??? Fans like us from Abroad will get hurt..... :)"
eng	positive	"@envydanneh need to put me in that rotation lol :)"
eng	positive	"@sculptorfred very welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@debcridland hey you survived the train :D"
eng	positive	"Delicious moviee :D ★ Chef (at Grogol) — https://t.co/LjtolXzqe3"
eng	positive	"Thank you :) "@khuzy_k: @Miss_Sejeng Happy birthday!""
eng	positive	"[ Singles &amp; Dating ] Open Question : How can I start and keep a long and happy long-distance relationship?: Hi :) last week I was in a…"
eng	positive	"@DrJonesWales no problem Rhys, have a good day. :)"
eng	positive	"@elliegoulding just wanted 2 let u know that the music video for pwrfl didn't make sense but u having superpowers was hot :)"
eng	positive	"@jalilshop Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	""That's a different department :D This is the #1 benefit of B2B vs B2C. It's someone else's money." Not soo funny enterprison ideas."
eng	positive	"@CattibrieShelly @MolyneuxAssoc @twiskerIFA @BradsPR @CHSW @SouthWestBiz @LAGTC @Littlehempston @falmouthbiz @LeadingWomenUK thank you :)"
eng	positive	"#schoolsoutforsummer Good luck all those fellow #parents who juggle work and the children :-) xx"
eng	positive	"@catameringue @VivianBloom Purrthos, Cathos and Catamis :D"
eng	positive	"Give it all. :D"
eng	positive	"@Cryspp_ Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" https://t.co/T0SBDozPFj .Plz let me know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"@Moorgard I'm more for the drugs and alcohol Apexis Crystal Meth and Apexis Crystal Champagne while watching Apexis Crystal Palace FC :)"
eng	positive	"made some stuff tonight for a streamer :) it felt really nice getting the creative juices flowing again. havent done that in a while"
eng	positive	"😂😂thank you! :D https://t.co/V6aV6doasy"
eng	positive	"@DrChauhanKS Great response! The correct hashtag is #CRETAperfectSUV :) #CretaPerfect4Me"
eng	positive	"New @DeirdreOKane1 portrait by Izumi Fugiwara at @ShowgroundsSC Clonmel!  So refreshing and vibrant : ) http://t.co/gkyDGT1DEH"
eng	positive	"@bravefrontiergl Do you guys have an estimated time when the server would be up? :)"
eng	positive	"@OMFGitsGEENA nope nope, it's better to keep quiet :)"
eng	positive	"Done! Yey :)"
eng	positive	"@sabah_cenatic insha'allah.. It wil.. :)"
eng	positive	"#@TheWineSociety: .@Vin_dourthe will be very pleased to here it! :)… http://t.co/i9zotnyyec"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x21"
eng	positive	"awww lovely trend!!!  no doubt in that :)  #AkshayMostLovedSuperstarEver"
eng	positive	"@alIthingsluke haha just indirecting my best friend on here :))"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/5Z4aDMu7tx http://t.co/qhhOGhM97S"
eng	positive	"things are not looking great but it's alright :-)"
eng	positive	"#AskUrban. Ask us any question. :)"
eng	positive	"@BarbieDevotees lyka follow back na :)"
eng	positive	"@jackieECOSSE perfect evening light helped, have a good one Jackie :)"
eng	positive	"BEAT DA BEAT sits well with @slashgear (includes new video) :-) http://t.co/lFm9Zq4Tj2 #mobilegames #ios8 #Android http://t.co/3xo8zsLtVX"
eng	positive	"I always tell myself to not take that nap because I won't be able to sleep at night but like I always take that nap :-)"
eng	positive	"my aff uname id jonginuh, feel free to add me :)"
eng	positive	"Billie :-)  But what happened to his arm???"
eng	positive	"TGIF! Forecast is rain from 10am to 5am :D In a weird way, I don't mind! I'm in work anyway and the rain can be kinda soothing in Summer ^^"
eng	positive	"@GrevinJeanOM @TiiiTou76 Final Fantasy VII :)"
eng	positive	"@OlicityLF @xsupersarah You sweetheart! Thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"@Formation_media We can't, it's going to be great :D"
eng	positive	"@ericszmanda The happiest birthday to you! I hope you'll have a wonderful day! :)"
eng	positive	"@Hre_Krsna thank you. ..:-)"
eng	positive	"Get your party shoes ready - only 8 days to go till the next Keep Calm Jump On party :) Special party ticket... http://t.co/4mmDQLpEA6"
eng	positive	"@dylanobrien @MazeRunnerMovie IT IS JUST BEYOND WORDS, sooooooo freaking good! I'm going to die before it comes out!! :D"
eng	positive	"@square_rest we like this wonderful and original recipe! we share with #foiegras lovers! :)"
eng	positive	"@Real_Liam_Payne :))) and zayn :)))"
eng	positive	"@seb_grant Woah. Okay. Expect tweets when this fucker dies again! :)"
eng	positive	"it was a really good stream @radiosilents! thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"@mbukmagazine Pet Mouse has to be the winner, thanks :)"
eng	positive	"New story illustration for your visual pleasure. Thanks for looking :) https://t.co/zIITPKlIPz"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/yJz224nLXb."
eng	positive	"@cthblink182 :) yeah no problem!"
eng	positive	"@pulkitpoddar1 wohoo...you are colour perfect :) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"Thanks for the follow and back at ya :) @DANCEFORCE3"
eng	positive	"@H20akes "Gleam of Jazz" is my original painting. Thanks a lot for the Retweet! :) x"
eng	positive	"Just 5 mins can do so much :) http://t.co/7QzgHrnGNq"
eng	positive	"@clarelea101 Deal. I'm great with kids :)"
eng	positive	"@WOMADCHARLTONPK HERE WE COME!! Hope it stops raining at some point :D"
eng	positive	"Google has made @narendramodi really very sad about @ImranKhanPTI not becoming Prime Minister. :p @PTIofficial @pmln_org"
eng	positive	"have an idea :D for the #sunjam!!! hope i don't rip off people in the process *cough cough*"
eng	positive	"@bull I think I was the only designer in the industry not present :)"
eng	positive	"We like to keep students busy with practicing and using English in proactive environment. :)"
eng	positive	"@MikeDuffy_20 Thanks - nice to finally see the end of the works (nearly...) :)"
eng	positive	"@egaroo You're welcome, I'm glad you liked it :)"
eng	positive	"Unreal training boys! Awesome work Zaine, Zac and Isaac! :) Oss! http://t.co/jisayDDWve"
eng	positive	"I just remembered my "Oh my God Frank Iero" phase. :D"
eng	positive	"@koshisojha Thankyou bro :)"
eng	positive	"@davidwarner31 Lol. One word, David. :)"
eng	positive	"@sculptorfred You're doing well for a beginner then! Thanks for the follow too. Have a good weekend :)"
eng	positive	"The sun may not be shining here, but at least its nearly the weekend!!! Happy Friday People :-) http://t.co/T1x9Cl7NE8"
eng	positive	".@UnityCSGOTeam tomorrow morning mate :)"
eng	positive	"My beautiful sunflowers on a sunny Friday morning off :) #sunflowers #favourites #happy #Friday off… https://t.co/3tfYom0N1i"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @AlettaPetros"
eng	positive	"Who trying to go to the movies tommarow I'll pay :)"
eng	positive	"@HollyyLive yo yall should invite me for ranked :))))"
eng	positive	"@HungryLionSA TV Game as a kid :) #BirthdayMonth"
eng	positive	"since no ones up &amp; I'm bored :) add me http://t.co/mzrlwm2WuT"
eng	positive	"@effinoreos HAPPY 15th BIRTHDAY VIANEY!!! (a.k.a BFF) :) #bffs #youre15 #july24th #birthdaygirl :D"
eng	positive	"@ArcaneToaster My town's sister town :D"
eng	positive	"@MTVDancer @periscopeco @SingOutRuiz all fixed! :-) Thanks Andrew!"
eng	positive	"@GarryKGraham @Jacedafaceis Yeah I had 2 keys too.  You can guess who I gave mine too :D"
eng	positive	"Time for an awwww with Connie &amp; Don't forget to checkout her #brilliant music vids on #YouTube &amp; follow with us :-) https://t.co/ISUv4xvNtD"
eng	positive	"We love #Friday :)"
eng	positive	"OTWOL shooting awhile ago! :) -G  #OTWOLGrandTrailer http://t.co/CzzCXsfjiP"
eng	positive	"Single Man :) :* http://t.co/XH4o3z1mwt"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x20"
eng	positive	""I am just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her" my all-time favorite quote from a Julia Robert movie, haha! :)"
eng	positive	"Awwhh #cute #bulldog #Friday #happy  Have a good friday everyone :) x http://t.co/cJ1t3JPqvE"
eng	positive	"@KishanU14 that's unfortunate! Our best advice is to call our support team on: 02079 490 132. Let us know how you get on :)"
eng	positive	"I was just watching "A baby is born!" Episode and I can't help but think @katilette is sweet, kind, caring and has had 5 kids. Keep it up :)"
eng	positive	"@MarkMan23 someone say @madcatz? :p  #FightStickFriday http://t.co/UdzZZaJkBU"
eng	positive	"@yildotweets @_uzumce  and eat and drink and be not extravagant;  surely He does not love the extravagant. :)) w"
eng	positive	"@clairebearbunch @BeeRummie @racheyra @greigo_uk @phillipross11 @janesgrapevine @LeinadDOP80 morning! Have a lucky Friday folks :)"
eng	positive	"9am tearout selektion with the yoot! :) http://t.co/j6ygzWYc4q"
eng	positive	"@BeingAv13 fingers crossed :-) #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"@justrena then I'll try to write something about dead people today :)"
eng	positive	"Congratulations and well deserved @mysightnotts! We're buzzing for you! :) https://t.co/pm9Cu3zoEe"
eng	positive	"Was drawing for fun, subject is a friend :) http://t.co/FbVXnpNoo8"
eng	positive	"Goodafternoon :)) Gudday~"
eng	positive	"@Davealwalker  Hey Dave, I'd like to help! Could you DM me your full address and drop me a tweet once you have please? :) #HaileyHelps"
eng	positive	"@emis_nug Indeed. Thanks for link to article :)"
eng	positive	"@_Floydian Happy Eid Mubarak brotheeeeerrrr :D"
eng	positive	"@paulsouthcott Hey Paul, have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@OfficialKatzD Great photos, thank you very much for sharing your adventure with us! :-)"
eng	positive	"@natsu1725 @AdeccoWaytoWork  Went to Tokyo station for dinner :)  its good to see someone from Kansai area ! #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@Fearnecotton good luck and cherish what you have an amazing gift of life :)"
eng	positive	"Going on a follow spree!! And l took this selfie :) http://t.co/YjGw3Rbmf9"
eng	positive	"@avonfvcks ID BE SO GRATEFUL IF YOU GIFTED ME #NotAnApology :-)"
eng	positive	"I Love You :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"@safirahasnaerdy follback?:)) x"
eng	positive	""Day In Life"-video uppe om 60 minuter! :D"
eng	positive	"@niftyplayer @greyfool Sir I wish such detailed data was available in India :-)"
eng	positive	"@sophieb666 I couldn't agree more :-)"
eng	positive	"Soooo pretty :D https://t.co/QKGhVfeL6o"
eng	positive	"@gothsirius @vltraviolet my main man jesus just looking out for me :)"
eng	positive	"@halfmoonrun Got my ticket for Amsterdam! Can't wait to see you guys perform for the 3rd time :)"
eng	positive	"@SuperEezy lets do it. You drink again? If not I'll both your drinks and mine :)"
eng	positive	"Nextweek :) @zfzar"
eng	positive	"sends booty pics 2 my bestfriend bcuz what is a bae :-)"
eng	positive	"@Saeek Step is good option in that case ... I use that a lot . Stable and sturdy :)  @Ktens @vindee"
eng	positive	"@KingRappaDZappa Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@ollyofficial how are you Olly? :)"
eng	positive	"lukkkee my birthday is in 3 days it would be an awesome birthday present to get your follow !!:) @Luke5SOS"
eng	positive	"@priyashaki93 hehe..ok da..am leaving now..see u again.ensoi lunch and day..keep smiles n tc madam :))"
eng	positive	"@montague_web  thanks for following @evolvetelecom #telecoms Happy Friday :)"
eng	positive	"AMAZING, you all deserve it siddi :D https://t.co/2bf3PInklo"
eng	positive	"@Matttubbb thank you and thanks for watching :)"
eng	positive	"Leader ulit. :) http://t.co/upkfI1udbz"
eng	positive	"I had a good dream. Its a sign that Im going to get along with my unknown roomie. :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @dluxjed, thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys – here if you need us :)"
eng	positive	"Gn :) Jesus loves u all"
eng	positive	"@spreecoza Awesome, thanks so much for helping me :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/hiacH6jXzR."
eng	positive	"http://t.co/dpf5i2xYs9 &lt;&lt; Make sure you have a look &amp; leave a comment on our articles :) http://t.co/gZdJJ0tKrk"
eng	positive	"@medinitalopez I will ^^ thanks bae :)"
eng	positive	"@josephcaptures did u know that in some places thats ok as long ur gf gives consent and so does her family :)"
eng	positive	"Hey @AlexAllTimeLow , is it you? :D http://t.co/VvX86aPLwA"
eng	positive	"My mister is the best mister :) supportive, kind, and absolutely amazing :3 http://t.co/dyvOozCwRN"
eng	positive	"@spencerlist Yay another vine I love it. PLEASE can you do more vines?With peyton too :)"
eng	positive	"@SAnneLloyd I will thanks. :)"
eng	positive	"I am actually enjoying Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu more than I thought I would :D"
eng	positive	"@TheBlazeHotList  I blocked him too. Because I can :)"
eng	positive	"@KandelRamesh1 Thankyou so much :)"
eng	positive	"@MikeyyGee_562 @thatdudegalvan_ You would know huh , looking in the mirror every day :)"
eng	positive	"ArchdBanterbury ArchdBanterbury ArchdBanterbury ExpertTradesmen So who is feeling sharp this #friday #morning :) #banter #quiz #tradetalk ……"
eng	positive	"@skyfurry big floofs in your face muahah &gt;:)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x19"
eng	positive	"goodnight :))"
eng	positive	"@alicecrumbs @elbow @meatbingo @govindajeggy Thank you Alice :)"
eng	positive	"@dandyxpandy I think it's well past that :D and gives me so much anticipation for the future!!!"
eng	positive	"JDs! Laro tayo :) Tag your answers to us with our ht :)  angElica - "anghel" :---))  #OTWOLGrandTrailer -AA http://t.co/88Z4dcqJSf"
eng	positive	"@fellagenshit Thank you kkk :)"
eng	positive	"@gculloty87 @linda_regan @retrodramafans Yeah! She plays the pretty girl at the bus stop :) X"
eng	positive	"@Miangeorges ok good :)"
eng	positive	"@phoenixtail26 is it a macbook? https://t.co/liUXCEF1gs :p"
eng	positive	"@JediOMG Id like to think people know who I am :)"
eng	positive	"Took leave to rehearse for @MOEsg's #YouthCelebrate at @SGSportsHub. Keep my bro @GeraldKoh987 company on @987fm! :) http://t.co/Ajk6gD0Hdn"
eng	positive	"muted :-)"
eng	positive	"it's not okay now, but i will be okay :)"
eng	positive	"@WindowsInd waiting for 29th July :D"
eng	positive	"@magicbricks will be coming tomorrow team ;) Count me in :) #GOHF"
eng	positive	"@SpazzyTsukihara link plz :p"
eng	positive	"@kyusicwon done :)"
eng	positive	"First time buyers your invited :-) @love_belfast @TheDevenish @FailteFeirste @TheParlourH_B @tonyandjens @WHBelfast http://t.co/yYoX1ZKUdM"
eng	positive	"new still :) http://t.co/hvs9S8zBIb"
eng	positive	"@clarkkrm I'll be living with a vegetarian too so I'm sure she'll help me :)"
eng	positive	"@davey_steven good morning Steve ...have a gooday! #ff :)"
eng	positive	"@JJSmith_xXx Hi Jack, best thing to do would be to call 101 :)"
eng	positive	"amazing when I answer the door to the mail man and he tells me I look rough, yep thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@jazminbonilla77 jazmin Bonilla :), I just want to info you there is a Secret to get 12000 Stars Kim HOllywood, Check them on my Bio"
eng	positive	"@IsmailHasan19  a mail follback :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for Sharing Dear Oshieer! :)  #realreviews #happycustomers #realoshi #dealsuthaonotebachao http://t.co/kskcAhbmEu"
eng	positive	"Found this little guy at my store. no bigger then a dime. :) http://t.co/Rp4jrbK9eS"
eng	positive	"Thanks a lot Carol, the same to you! :-) #FF @Carol1MY  https://t.co/eiKOuPV2ki"
eng	positive	"@MikeJack1976 Thankyou very much. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your tour! :)"
eng	positive	"@izblariana baby Im worth it uhuh :) 🎵🎵🎵🎵"
eng	positive	"@iarunsb waiting for the code now :)"
eng	positive	"@ydirikk welcome on board :)"
eng	positive	"@Raheelk We wish you a pleasant time on-board, Raheel :) #FlyHigh"
eng	positive	"Let's do this again :) http://t.co/fa56o6DOlq"
eng	positive	"@Real_Liam_Payne a little suggestion that we do another 1D Day :)"
eng	positive	"@ManhattanMango or if they're even familiar with the idea if snapchat. Im sure they have phones but question is are they bothered enough? :p"
eng	positive	"Thanks Everette Taylor for the follow! We appreciate the support! Be sure to like us on Facebook :) http://t.co/G7n0T1vB6W"
eng	positive	"@TheVan @SenorRajD Fair enough :-)"
eng	positive	"Done :)"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman  Ha-ha, But Only of Couple of Girls :) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"@Movieespeech Hey and thank you for following :)"
eng	positive	"@PeachyLoans yes please would be great for work :D #Peachyloans #FridayFreebie  xx"
eng	positive	"@madness_Noeli Thanks for the retweet Noe :)"
eng	positive	"@carmelaaacuenco Just kidding . I'm 20 :)"
eng	positive	"Work today for a better tomorrow. :)"
eng	positive	"wow i like ur tattoos — Thank you :) I love them too! http://t.co/PGWyJGtp0u"
eng	positive	"Yisss! #bindingofissac ! Been waiting for #xboxone release :) Well done on the console release! @EdmundMcMillenn  https://t.co/DzIj2QfEJp"
eng	positive	"If you want a dm to justin let me know and I'll gladly give it to you :)"
eng	positive	"My gorgeous son &amp; I in #Morocco last year with @gadventures . What a special #holiday that was. Peru nxt year! :) http://t.co/sRRNYTas7b"
eng	positive	"@Tyrmack4 all BPs to the snap :)"
eng	positive	"Up early for work. :)"
eng	positive	"@MariaSharapova @RalphLauren resort right? :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x18"
eng	positive	"@sugarplumsteve or she can just win bob :) :)"
eng	positive	"@LinnJennie :) HavuuuuuLoveYou♥uuuuuuuu:) http://t.co/FMGFgsl2uY"
eng	positive	"@Osphate I just started using mine a few weeks ago :) After a long break."
eng	positive	"@HowieNatasha Try to stay possitve hun :) Sending hugs :) Hopeyou are as ok as you can be sweetie xxxx"
eng	positive	"@KageYashsa Have fun :p"
eng	positive	"but look forward to joining the conversation! :) @ArmonRaE @lordcropes no movie has but books"
eng	positive	"@FTlove4good One more 'thank you' to FT fandom from my side too :)"
eng	positive	"Now this is what I call #ThrowbackFriday !! Christen ki yaad aa Gayi :D  https://t.co/RHTce9ByRd"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/6LyskBfqFG."
eng	positive	"@davey_steven and you! Hope it's a great one :)"
eng	positive	"The one time I went outside to look at stars and be peaceful I saw a opossum running thru my bushes so that shit ain't for me :-)"
eng	positive	"@putriisabrina ok no worries :)"
eng	positive	"Have a nice day queen! :) @esthercarodan"
eng	positive	"@ScreamingJoypad A belated good morning to you, sir :D"
eng	positive	"@srcglide Yeahh 100% &amp; have a good day too :)"
eng	positive	"@UmmJihad1 funny how you use "kuffar" computers, cell phones and social media to spread your diarrhea though. Immigrant lice :D"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? KIK - goictived70685 #kik #kikmeguys #xxx #tagsforlikes #webcam #trapmusic #hotmusicdelocos :) http://t.co/45Rc6ZgQ2Z"
eng	positive	"@gfcuppatea Morning.  Hope you're keeping well. Got anything nice planed for the weekend? Thanks for the follow as well.  :-)"
eng	positive	"@kkkdave keeps asking me to show him my kinickers Miss. Next time you see him, can you beat him extra hard please? Very kind of u :)"
eng	positive	"Best night of my life!!!:)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday all :-)  You can catch us on 01282 452096 if you want a chat :-) http://t.co/kFxVLYxPsW"
eng	positive	"@btstwit_ shady af lol the management said no reservation on 11 sept :)  https://t.co/9QW1TJcnzD"
eng	positive	"@Jenbag @dowsingforsound @camideasfest @ADFofficial @CambLiveTrust happy days, will get tkts too :)"
eng	positive	"@DrakesRest likewise on the incredible food folks - keep up the great work! :D"
eng	positive	"Have a good day/ good night Enjoy :) http://t.co/uj2nwuQTby"
eng	positive	"@KarlreMarks Say hello to 'overgeneralization'! :-)"
eng	positive	"@gabanna_21 yeah I will :) and Ikr 😍 I like the pic"
eng	positive	"@wuthering_alice I like that it doesn't have to be about consumerism :) Treat Yo Soul"
eng	positive	"@oconnor_max YAY! Can't wait! Hope I can keep up - been swimming more than riding recently, but will do my best :)"
eng	positive	"Feeling like shit :-)"
eng	positive	"i'll add more fics tomorrow :D"
eng	positive	"#ouch slip disc is sore today bring on thw swimming and chutes :)"
eng	positive	"Morning everyone! :D"
eng	positive	"Great way to start the day!  :D http://t.co/N5nOp3FfnX"
eng	positive	"@UnMondeHistoire chalut :)"
eng	positive	"@HugeFormula1Fan Give me a minute. I'll take a look. :)"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/2GnmiplU4B listen live! :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"This dog guy is hilarious @BBC3CR @jvsshow brilliant interview - replay on iplayer later it's so funny :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 4 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/Hk8VpyVCu6."
eng	positive	"Making me come at 10am when the test is at 11am, thanks for the unneeded stress :)"
eng	positive	"@Dinnerbone *Future MegaMoh in 7/29/2015* Happy Birthday to me :)"
eng	positive	"Lol, Happy Friday peeps! :D http://t.co/cOwsS5v5oY"
eng	positive	"Men are like power tools. They make a lot of noise but its hard to get them to work. :)"
eng	positive	"@otraclace well I travel all around New Zealand in the holidays so hopefully we could meet up? :D"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/C5WupnoeRn."
eng	positive	"@michael_lavro yeah and when everyone wakes up in the morning they'll see your big pile of dump :) cool"
eng	positive	"@claralikesarah actually, gf couscous is not as bad as I thought it would be. I'll send you some links :)"
eng	positive	"@trevorbeatsdrum nice! It sounds awesome! :)"
eng	positive	"@JackieYunTweets More about things I know... Women's Fiction :)"
eng	positive	"@ManiMint_ you're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@fouraroundworld thanks for sharing! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"@nickgerig Wahahaah. If only :p"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x17"
eng	positive	"@SazzylSquires Thank you very much lovely, I'm really pleased you did :)"
eng	positive	"When people tell me I have good taste in music :D ^.^"
eng	positive	"@bng_ynggk he looks different??? :)))"
eng	positive	"I want to read that @KirkdaleBooks. Orhan Pamuk is my hero :)"
eng	positive	"@DAlmendary @mimoha22 @iamsrk @AsmaMnh16 @DoaaAhmed001 good morning :-) http://t.co/PTI3r1rLDg"
eng	positive	"Fall in love under a canopy of maple leaves! Secrets at Maple Syrup Farm is out now :) Happy Friday, all! xx http://t.co/fQeQlpk32A"
eng	positive	"@stephbichard thank you Stephanie! Ily2 💖💖:)"
eng	positive	"@magicbricks @iamKaranB congrtaualtions :)"
eng	positive	"@InspectorsClews Oh of course, that's how I understand it. I noticed the issue as well. And Phileas Club inc tomorrow! :)"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber when you smile, I smile :)"
eng	positive	"@simonxxx_ follback :)"
eng	positive	"I'm not a photographs. just Phonegraphs :)"
eng	positive	"Srsly today was like the best day ever :))"
eng	positive	"@PacketSmuggler haha, no not at all; 10:17 here :D"
eng	positive	"@arifa_pwincess happy birthday ripaaaaa ❤ :)"
eng	positive	"Guys with blue eyes :D"
eng	positive	"@socio_foodie ye banate hain :D"
eng	positive	"Good morning :) I hope Friday is off to a great start for you! x"
eng	positive	"@CV_UHB the patients. Children crying in x ray dept...not to leave lol. Must say its a lovely, very pleasant hospital. Have a grt weekend :)"
eng	positive	"@rusmexuswriters I have seen some of the new features, but I've not tried the infographic yet, sounds like good stuff :D"
eng	positive	"#ShareTheLove @oymgroup @musicartisthere for being top HighValue members this week :) @nataliavas http://t.co/IWSDMtcayt"
eng	positive	"The four o'clock coffee habit. :-)"
eng	positive	"#ThankYou1Dfor a great roadtrip during the WWAT :)"
eng	positive	"@rusintez @mafintosh Ok, 19:30 at the Apple store at IFC. Then we'll pick a place to go to :-)"
eng	positive	"I didn't changed, you just didn't know who I really am :) #credits"
eng	positive	"Yes! Bath Bombs are back two great new products! I can't wait to order mine :) Whip me up Bag of Bombs... http://t.co/lvWKZFdFW8"
eng	positive	"please throw your awesome smile lilsisbro @nabilahJKT48 @difaryansyah @maddijanemusic :) hopefully your career is always SUCCESS.!!."
eng	positive	"New phone, today was cool :)"
eng	positive	"Just pre-ordered Pixar's Inside Out steelbook! :D http://t.co/SnV316MfAH"
eng	positive	"@chanhun4exo welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@ForYourKindInfo hmm thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter @PallaviRuhail #FlipkartFashionFriday  I just loved this...Hope U love it too :) http://t.co/SCwIVZmIWb"
eng	positive	"@ChantraNan I hope your okay! *super big smiles and hugs* :)\(^.^)/"
eng	positive	"@glowypanda @Beakmoo @Pani_Bufetowa It made me happy, too. :-)"
eng	positive	"Pegell, lemess (n) :D"
eng	positive	"I Miss You :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"@khenderson004 @Sting Kyle, we wont be sending emails right now but ur paypal confirmation is all you need on the night :) See u in Oct!"
eng	positive	"@abejz_no tud jst :D"
eng	positive	"@MrsFarmerCookie They're so addictive aren't they! Beautiful flowers :) and Humphrey is very cute!"
eng	positive	"@Tulki Any help / advice / info you need - just yell :) You can normally catch us on here, erm, all the time ;)"
eng	positive	"Walk Back From The Breach .... :))) http://t.co/iZHXKoABi8"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday for July 24th! :) http://t.co/0YwJ3Efsjg #superheroes #scififan @RealLyndaCarter @AnnaPaquin @EmilyBett"
eng	positive	"@Nigella_Lawson Lemons  bought for yogurt pot cake. Discovered yogurt out of date!  lemon version of liquorice pud possible do you think? :)"
eng	positive	"@concertina226 I am trusting enough to believe you and I salute you! :)"
eng	positive	"@robinrimbaud I'm also moving tomorrow. Good luck with it all :-)"
eng	positive	"@simonwaugh You're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"Tell him that I'm here. :) http://t.co/IDT0YCr8NP"
eng	positive	"Made Cajun chicken with spiced Couscous for dinner! So yum :) #cajunchicken #couscous #food #dinner… https://t.co/kkTgTf0qVG"
eng	positive	"@Hell_enaDaVex true shit :)"
eng	positive	"@cultofengineer Glad :D"
eng	positive	"congratulation once again... INFINITE deserved it... :D fighting for Mubank today. I'll always support INFINITE ^^ https://t.co/9ZkFNrObsC"
eng	positive	"@3F_Bildideen gern :) @UllaNeuhaus @HeimlichUte @LRVertriebspart @vivadihotel @wellpresso @IhrWellnessTipp @bad_deluxe @Zaubermaus57"
eng	positive	"@JessicaTM23 happy belated birthday cikaaa☺wish you all the best o:) maaf telat ngucapinnya :D"
eng	positive	"@zavvi @b9scottuk @gkm86 maaaaaay have just pre-ordered :D"
eng	positive	"@stelcoco Larry is real :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/a7adI6uFtX."
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x16"
eng	positive	"@kawaiinekolaura tuesday :))))))"
eng	positive	"After a long day/week, #Viparita #Karani (#LegsUpTheWall) is the perfect pose to unwind... EnJOY!!! :-) http://t.co/VGoOFhLeqr"
eng	positive	"@marilynemy_ good night :)"
eng	positive	"@DeMusliM jesus :D what is going on ? first you get robbed and now this ...."
eng	positive	"This is Coco, she does like to be comfy :) http://t.co/1hQv6UiOe8"
eng	positive	"Oh, the beauty of the world under water :)  http://t.co/JruoM8s53X"
eng	positive	"But yeah if you call me "jalulu" don't even continue to talk to me @ all cause I hate you :D"
eng	positive	"Off to the USA! Rosh and I on our travels again :) (@ Glasgow International Airport (GLA) - @gla_airport) https://t.co/FS71kc8FZe"
eng	positive	"@neskaife yes he is avail here :D wanna join?"
eng	positive	"@xlaurajaynex I am :) also, I'm super late sending your presents but it's going out next day delivery today! x"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter #FlipkartFashionFriday Im Sure This Dress Will Suit Perfect To Pallavi :) http://t.co/u2V5zAzKdE"
eng	positive	"Welcome :) "@miss__rizzy: In Nairobi for #HRDsTellObama a regional civil society dialogue on human rights in the region.""
eng	positive	"To all our students around the globe,  WE MISS YOU!!   Enjoy your summer and we'll see you soon!  :-)"
eng	positive	"@mixbad Happy birthday hajur :) :)"
eng	positive	"@magicbricks Yayy! :D Thanks ;) #GOHF"
eng	positive	"@savkra wow. So much hate came your way for speaking truth. Must've hit a nerve. :) keep speaking out."
eng	positive	"prelims exam tomorrow :-) #costacc  @AcctncyProblems http://t.co/DF1aXAAzg2"
eng	positive	"Goodnight :D"
eng	positive	"Well I made it 13 weeks NWB is officially over today!! :D Now I just have to wait till Monday so I can start the long road to walking again."
eng	positive	"@mrslatrisha @KFerrellWriter http://t.co/KmhdqcIWdm :)  -Mary"
eng	positive	"How every day off shud begin :-) https://t.co/KjAfQo0Swq"
eng	positive	"@alxh enjoy :)"
eng	positive	"@Miss_Wisconsin That was cold. :)"
eng	positive	"In glad that lasted ONE day :)"
eng	positive	"@Its__Tatiii You too girl hmu sometime :)"
eng	positive	"@liftingcoolstuf @LUCYLucyprior @acosta_uk No worries. Thanks too for the follow. We hope you have a great day, not long till the weekend :)"
eng	positive	"@ArrieBar @BBlogRT @FemaleBloggerRT Love it all :) wow!! Picked up a Cala brush myself the other day!"
eng	positive	"Sometimes it's all about choosing between your ego and your relationship. :)"
eng	positive	"Wherever you are I'll always make you smile :)"
eng	positive	"Sooooooooo happy for my grades :D"
eng	positive	"@lovingjeonboram I really like their interaction. How Sunny offers her help to her dongsaeng, Chorong. And the friendship among idols. :)"
eng	positive	"@fivedorkz thanks for the ffs :) x"
eng	positive	"Many thanks to all :) via @ManoharRpm"
eng	positive	"Most Impressive...........what were you doing when you were 13? Now don't you feel bad about yourself? :) https://t.co/P14278cGy8"
eng	positive	"@MaxivisionEye Many thanks to all :)"
eng	positive	"@SpazzyTsukihara awww but i was going to ask for a dragon duck with mix of a cheetah :p"
eng	positive	"WAGGA WAGGA FOR PHASE 2 COURSEWORK - COMING AT YOU @UNSWRCS  !!! :D"
eng	positive	"@Taaliah76 No problem at all, you too :) Lorna"
eng	positive	"Just a bit to big to scan so will add them to the pile :) Eye 10"x12" Oil on Canvas pad. #painting #canvas http://t.co/SEdkSLbZPH"
eng	positive	"@MhmmdIqbale Happy Birthday Iqbal, Wish You All The Best :)"
eng	positive	"ima leave this. right. here. :-) http://t.co/VlGObizVhd"
eng	positive	"@altournative it was nice knowing you :)"
eng	positive	"#ff Likewise ur hon :)@whittakerdesig1 @HackOldham @CllrJimMcMahon @FPharmacyUK @PB_Furniture @abcdiagnosis"
eng	positive	"@Skye5SOS we are friends again now :) hahaha"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/Y8LKMKSABv http://t.co/DWFUfPcfrb"
eng	positive	"@needledesign Great work Matt :)"
eng	positive	"That "@Real_Liam_Payne thanks bro ! 😀 x" is my everything :-)"
eng	positive	"@nidhi_budha Aja besi chati phulani swasa bahari jiba !! :p But Congrats :) Keep spreading the smiles like you always do with you tweets !!"
eng	positive	"Mumbai &amp; gujarat rain distrubed collection otherwise BB week should have been 190cr+ inspite of that BB is highest record holder till now :)"
eng	positive	"@froggydarren lol my whole family threatens to do that on a daily basis :D"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday everyone! Don't let the rain get you down, why not escape to the beach in #VR @RelaxationVR we need you today :)"
eng	positive	"@OrbaniDiana ok good to hear. Keep it up! :-)"
eng	positive	"pamper day :) (@ Great Cuts Angelo Justin in Quezon City) https://t.co/pWvwQ8xg1C"
eng	positive	"I've gotta go home and put on my sweatpants and hold my breath until I die :)"
eng	positive	"@sothcott @realmartinkemp lovely guy, isn't he? :-) ...and he looks like James Bond in @AgeofKill!"
eng	positive	"@Stijneman happy tripping, Farbridges! :-)"
eng	positive	"Smile like you mean it :) ##SegalaKataKata"
eng	positive	"The Nixus adventure has begun :-) time to make some flint tools haha"
eng	positive	"@niamhie_c Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" https://t.co/hQZ1o7s7dk .Plz let me know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"@bbc PICK ME PLEASE! :) http://t.co/SOv2AdwnBd"
eng	positive	"@JellyBabyMom2 haha! Thank you! :) 🍰"
eng	positive	"@EmmaJayneHall @DarkCorb77 oh right. That's a good idea, instead of having to do them separately :)"
eng	positive	"@SimoneWarner ... he´s attacked, criticised for every gesture, word, pedal stroke. one must be attentive and notice little things :)"
eng	positive	"@peter_osoro me too :-) ^Caro"
eng	positive	"@angie_1D_95 THANK YOU!:) http://t.co/77HK8SVBFh"
eng	positive	"@RichyCee93 £20 deposit to secure one :)"
eng	positive	"@niikkooyy I love you more! :)"
eng	positive	"@HelenAnderz travel in style :-)"
eng	positive	"i don't know what helped me more to get awake ... the shock when i spilled my coffe or the rest of the coffe :D"
eng	positive	"@lDreeriksenl  happy birthday with chocolate lovers cake.....tenerina!!!! Auguri from Italy :) best wishes :) http://t.co/AkNaojdLJJ"
eng	positive	"@Pri_More @jemappelleallie @MonicaBouma @bettyaz @Carlsss82 @gizmo197654 @MichaelKilbey @MajaPastora Ohh I hope so :) Till then... #hugs"
eng	positive	"@WeAlwaysChillin This sounds nice :D"
eng	positive	"Vyapam received ISO certification :D"
eng	positive	"me: knows exactly what i want and how to get it me: is paralyzed by my anxiety and sadness me: lol :)"
eng	positive	"Get more at http://t.co/aady6CDfB2 :) http://t.co/aXu8Gidwv3"
eng	positive	"@Okami_Kai @SlyCat Yup, got about 12 of the books so far :D"
eng	positive	"so cool :) http://t.co/tLYxMxe8J6"
eng	positive	"@MegAnDrewsGlobe @outboundapp thanks for sharing! Enjoy the app! Wishing you a wicked weekend :)"
eng	positive	"#PBB737Gold ONE DIRECTION :)"
eng	positive	"@GL_Advocaten Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@WickedPill @jimmyurine you're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"Follow me, follow back mention ! :)"
eng	positive	"@OTRADaily Hey it'd be great if you share my blog.. I started writing blogs :) check it out and let me know how's it https://t.co/gGs070b6BH"
eng	positive	"Finished our development testing out in Spain , next up are the official tests. Who is excited for season 2 ??:) http://t.co/FxQ4P0bMH7"
eng	positive	"@natsu1725 @co_media_  I want to make someone happy. thats my def for Happiness :)   @AdeccoWaytoWork #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"Bantime: -1 :) #fail2ban"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x15"
eng	positive	"That awkward moment when you feel that you got abs Because you can't stop laughing reading @ExcuseThePuns_ 's tweets :D"
eng	positive	"Galing ni founder ♥ loveyaaaah ⅛ :)) -⅞ ∞"
eng	positive	"@paulmaxey If you don't as you don't get! Just follow this link to find the code  http://t.co/paVK9szuWU  :) Enjoy! -Tom"
eng	positive	"@NiallOfficial gn love u see u in 2 days :)"
eng	positive	"@ARNS_UK thank you lovely specialist breathing people :))"
eng	positive	"@tylergarposeys done bb :) aw this is so sweet thank you babyyy"
eng	positive	"Fav for a Dm :)"
eng	positive	"@usher ... please follback :) I love ur voice .. and all about u ... :) hehehehe &lt;3"
eng	positive	"@AcneSkinSite It always amazes me how people forget to drink water! Drink water people :)"
eng	positive	"@LowBatteryDC #DJStruthMate Re-cap show starts at 11am UK time today. http://t.co/Dg3wJiZdLP Featuring y'all :) #URock !"
eng	positive	"@86_Siwonie thank you oppa :)"
eng	positive	"@BeSameerKapoor Same here Sunny :)"
eng	positive	"I see Flickr Pro is back :-)"
eng	positive	"@stylesrose94 thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@sheeraulo94 sure :)"
eng	positive	"@JosefinUtas tack! :-)"
eng	positive	"If you see #ZephBot , this is a bot :p"
eng	positive	"Hhahahahaha!!!!!!!! Just blew upp the entire The las Vegas strip!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D Fuck Youuuuuuu, VEGAS!!!! hahahaHahhaha"
eng	positive	"@cpeluso wishing you a happy Friday :) xxx"
eng	positive	"@moiraP47 @PloppiPlop Thanks for the retweets - have a cool weekend :)"
eng	positive	"@celinaadame probs still wondering around Callie's bc the poor puppy had a terrible owner :-) #callinganimalabusehotlineasap"
eng	positive	"@septiancina look we made our final design, hope you like it :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"And number two of the week done, Gorefiend Mythic live :) https://t.co/92qDj6GfJy"
eng	positive	"@THExDOGFATHERx YOU ROCK! Thank you so much for the mention :)"
eng	positive	"@TheWestSamurai Ok! Your reminder is set for 9:00am. Reply to this if you want to change the time :)"
eng	positive	"Have to be up in 4 hours :))))))"
eng	positive	"▪️bea miller lockscreen▪️ rt/fav if you want it mbf so we can dm it to you :) -keesh http://t.co/Eh5pSfOOYJ"
eng	positive	"yesterday's groupie with bebe &amp; sizams :) @raraloqz @cLaudineSimple http://t.co/1yEMP1F5VI"
eng	positive	"Sore :D"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman  A4. I would love to Gift My Sis this Blue KURTA as Blue is Her Fav. Color :)) #WSaleLove http://t.co/Y5Vhh0GMZX"
eng	positive	"Thanks for following @jabawack! You are most welcome. :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks #TopNewFollowers @abnerdacon @Ellynedesign @carecontour Happy to connect :)"
eng	positive	"Dont b stupid @sleekyskillz: Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)""
eng	positive	"@IsaiahPander I'd like that! :D"
eng	positive	"@Selinabelly Kindly check your email. We're done sending invoices since kanina pong umaga :)"
eng	positive	"@UrAPeasant @TweetDeck Hey Jay! What browser do you typically use? :)  -Mary"
eng	positive	"@ForTaoBR follow back me pleasse :)"
eng	positive	"@FnaticYellOwStR thank you for making a dream come true. Saturday sushi? ;) :D http://t.co/bbm7A6FlXd"
eng	positive	"Leeteuk Oppa,Miss You :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"Pearl Thusi :) https://t.co/hqiYij5IOs"
eng	positive	"@niggalipsbrina that's what u get for pouring milk first :-))))))))"
eng	positive	"@charloc71 You can get the TGV from Paris Austerlitz down to Blois which is 12 miles away from Chateau des Marais and then get a taxi :)"
eng	positive	"@bekazt :-) i read about today and I'm so excited !!"
eng	positive	"@yayanijadeepal hello yaya. :) #TRMDHesitant"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x14"
eng	positive	"Hmmmm delicious chicken curry this Friday - thanks noms :) http://t.co/vVmvfFOJa7"
eng	positive	"@EnjiNight  Nice Enji..... good job    :-)"
eng	positive	"dear haters :) https://t.co/BxqZP6MXgr"
eng	positive	"hi! @sisoment to enter, purchase a specially-marked First Choice Custard pack &amp; enter via SMS through on-pack instructions :) good luck!"
eng	positive	"@stephbranton..That's the best one... :)♡"
eng	positive	"@TnmntTiles Our tiles, while a nice green, are boring - but I love the original glass door the guy downstairs has :) http://t.co/fxgpk8hNiC"
eng	positive	"@wishinguponstar We couldn't have said it better ourselves, Kelly! So glad you're enjoying your nibbles :)"
eng	positive	"@paulsouthcott Morning! :) @mikesouthcott @JSouthcott1994 @GrahamTownsend @MrLePoullain @DSouthcott @mattwalsh91"
eng	positive	"@VisitJordan I will visit the Greek ruins in Petra, When you have my back. :)"
eng	positive	"shadowplaylouis we recently got this mutual and I'm really loving your tweets and everything your about so yay that's exciting :)"
eng	positive	"Hey @thebeautyjo r u a camera? cuz everytime I look @ u I smile :) #liveonstreamate http://t.co/gHeHG8X8ij"
eng	positive	"@BoltonLani Woohoo! Welcome aboard, Lani - great to have you grazing with us :)"
eng	positive	"Ah it looks fab @mrsekj - Pride of place! #BristolArt :) https://t.co/kbSyqYwKEF"
eng	positive	"Well apparently i'm not sleeping seeing as it's already starting to get light out ha ha ha :-)"
eng	positive	"@adventurein_you thank you for the follow :)"
eng	positive	"@DaveHShaw Hi Dave, please contact our in-App support chat so that we can ensure you get it on time! :)"
eng	positive	"@PentonLibrary Was your first item to edit your list? :)"
eng	positive	"@sodakite well... screw those guys! u keep smiling :)"
eng	positive	"@endangered2 You're welcome, Amber! Hope you're enjoying them :)"
eng	positive	"@J_PopCultureFan thank you! I do several steps on them so I appreciate you noticing :)"
eng	positive	"They didn't deserve that shit :)))))"
eng	positive	"@JillyBeanYarns Morning! Thank you for RTs.  : )"
eng	positive	"@LAtles49 @HP_Community our exciting news is that it's only 43 days till Hpc party :) x"
eng	positive	"i drew @JustinNFJK :)) #WIP #SWS #crush @SWStheband http://t.co/DGiqiOR63a"
eng	positive	"@IrinaGreenVoice Thank you for Following! :)"
eng	positive	"Talk to me :-)"
eng	positive	"@Cupacoco @CBBCTV @CBBCNews Interview with the Newsround News Hounds at 7:40 today :)"
eng	positive	"@Adacampbell thank you Ada :D. Long time no see"
eng	positive	"We all know a racist called "hulk" :D"
eng	positive	"Sleep tight world :) Say your prayers."
eng	positive	"@EloVzt @emericskyrock @SkyrockFM pardon ? :))))"
eng	positive	"@donnaledesma_ from PHL to Abu Dhabi, with love and blessing hihihi. :) #TeamJanuaryCLaims100 #GoDonna http://t.co/ayIMB6aITD"
eng	positive	"@miabellasesso msg me where you play fantasy... maybe we can get in same league :)  #bowwowchicawowwow"
eng	positive	"Settle main air dkt porch :p"
eng	positive	"@ayanc_99 Download the Uber Mobile Application and then you can place the order from the same. :) #enjoy"
eng	positive	"@AnthonyALopez Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"the sun is shining so I'm gonna make the most of it :)"
eng	positive	"Thankyou x :)  https://t.co/Y21tv7APVO"
eng	positive	"@SoLmaoPics Welcome to @123GreetingsCom Family..:) Sending some laughter &amp; giggles your way http://t.co/YlTyDAhAtJ 😃 http://t.co/7huIeBsvZK"
eng	positive	"@carli_buns thank u :) being happy, who knew?!"
eng	positive	"And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. Kahlil Gibran :)"
eng	positive	"The Flash... All day long :)"
eng	positive	"@Mspecservices @Cornerwayer @darrencrannis @popeynpelec @RobertsCoElec @Bickerelecserv @MayhewElec @neselec Sounds fun. :)"
eng	positive	"@Joel_Boon @ChairmanHuntJnr i think its that good old stiff upper lip which is the reason we were called great britain :D"
eng	positive	"but it's okay :)"
eng	positive	":) -Latmon https://t.co/bycJFFA1sg http://t.co/ITjN5MwDJf"
eng	positive	"im good :)"
eng	positive	"@briannee__ I'll stay dry :) I would do that...just to end the pain :)"
eng	positive	"@asoberme08 thank you for the follow! :)"
eng	positive	"@manxclaire @NorthPoleJJ might be a worthwhile endeavour then :-) excuse for a weekend away"
eng	positive	"@BsquaredGaming like :-)"
eng	positive	"@ParentingWT Well good luck Anne. You can always go the Indie route if you have no joy. :)"
eng	positive	"@hanpdf it's you :)"
eng	positive	"5 more days until everyone experiences OS exploits in windows and everyone has to get new computers :)"
eng	positive	"IGN :) IGN AU Pubcast 120: The Hero We Deserve, Tengaman: Tuesday, July 21 was a celebratio... http://t.co/1KBdSVNnnL #LetsProcrastinate"
eng	positive	"I need something to do on Tuesday.  I've got the whole day off :D"
eng	positive	"@maryammirxa @ayeeshamirza Same here :D"
eng	positive	"@gpeasey @brayden_jh42 @Drake_Heuertz learn how to spell ::))"
eng	positive	"@donnamaudmarsh @Telegraph @TelegraphNews wow, thanks Donna! Determined to get more women cycling - it's amazing &amp; changed my life :)"
eng	positive	"@voldenuit_do follow back me pleasse :)"
eng	positive	"@dhwanidamani All set then. We just have to wait for the notification to install Windows 10 on your PC. :) ^MM"
eng	positive	"Glorify in your infirmities! Realizing how silly we are makes us realize how suave and gentlemen our God is :)"
eng	positive	"In other news, I'm just 34 miles from hitting my monthly mileage target, with a week to go yet :-)"
eng	positive	"I want an iphone!!! So i could facetime people and take nice pictures cuz this samsung quality sucks  :p"
eng	positive	"@PREMIERHOMESTX Thanks for sharing :-)"
eng	positive	"ey you've got a message from Beth :) x @BoyBruised"
eng	positive	"watched shes dating the gangster for the 2nd time and i realized something  i love athena's style :-)"
eng	positive	"Current playlist :D http://t.co/PYKQLD4KHr"
eng	positive	"More I look at that, the more I rather fancy @tacobell right now. :-)"
eng	positive	"Bye Wellington, you've been awesome, I hope we meet again. :) http://t.co/m7p3IvKggR"
eng	positive	"@QFYvonne @chipobangach *fellow woman proud moment*...i wanna b rich so i can move there :-)"
eng	positive	"@X_Tina90 Keep your eyes peeled soon Christina! Have you signed up to our newsletter? Most offers go there first! :)"
eng	positive	"@zysuzyy Thanks zy, let's be friend yaa :)"
eng	positive	"@Thomoli You are welcome. Hope it helps :)"
eng	positive	"@AtmacaMert he doesnt olur :D"
eng	positive	"@Joey_Shreds say hi :)"
eng	positive	"https://t.co/85JGM6Oj6Q new video people, check it out :)"
eng	positive	"@occeaneweb thanks for following :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x13"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @prettylichu"
eng	positive	"@VikkFollows #StarSquad ⭐ Can I please get a follow? :)"
eng	positive	"@AstFtMarv @AstonMerrygold see you soon :) the things we do for him 😂"
eng	positive	"@AmyyTheRebel :) It's from Flawless remix"
eng	positive	"Thank you guys, really. :) I am happy to see so many good reactions. Makes me wanna draw more and more"
eng	positive	"Yes DAD :) https://t.co/edjdMZ78fx"
eng	positive	"@Korku_3 thanks bro :)"
eng	positive	"@theprovidores OMG! I'm sooo jealous :)"
eng	positive	"@manaskotru @ZomatoIN Thank you for a wonderful feedback sir, We hope to see you soon again :)"
eng	positive	"@Humna__Khan hmm but gold is... :p"
eng	positive	"not everyone will stay with you through out your life my dear :-)"
eng	positive	"@victoriaskyful @EXO_FANBASE he is being so damn cute :)"
eng	positive	"@vie_vanda follback :)"
eng	positive	"@HayliNic Goodnight Hayli :)"
eng	positive	"Look what arrived for me today... Super thanks Edwin Elvena and EMC. Much appreciated :D"
eng	positive	"@lorettaramos @BryanFuller @LACMA @filmindependent @NBCHannibal it was great watching with fellow fans :D"
eng	positive	"@tanjalakic_ It's NEVER a bad time for a bath, if you have us Rubber Ducks with you! :-) #quacketyquack"
eng	positive	"@JWGrieve I've sent you an email full of swearwords. :-)"
eng	positive	"Pixar's Inside Out is out today. I asked 5 @EdinUniNeuro members what's their favourite subject about the brain :) http://t.co/q404E06zET"
eng	positive	"@1Erre I'll take the infection :)"
eng	positive	"@_Ms_R lol. it's 10:16 right now. when you just wrote. :D"
eng	positive	"@Brandon30_ come over :)"
eng	positive	"@luckybsmith I'm dead...thank you for doing this to me :))"
eng	positive	"@DawsePaul haha I guess I'm not a video game nerd. I do like Christophe Gans' other films though - check Brotherhood of the Wolf out :)"
eng	positive	"I have no interest in speaking to you ever again. :-)"
eng	positive	"out of sleeping pills so I've just been nocturnal these past couple days :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/eqARyTYK60."
eng	positive	"...... and we have a special offer on this ! RRP £18.99, our price £13.99.....:)"
eng	positive	"@corics24 @Ginebrakings Lol! Read the article first. :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks a million for keeping an eye on our tweets, always appreciated :) @lagganmountains @Yantilly http://t.co/liCJPzz21k"
eng	positive	"Jah Wobble and the band tour dates :D https://t.co/s2wLppEEVQ"
eng	positive	"@FaZeMeerkatt Shout Out To Me For Being A Retard :D"
eng	positive	"@sylar316 Nice :D"
eng	positive	"Waking up to that. :D #50notifications @EnverGjokaj @Dichenlachman @feliciaday @HwoodHitmen  @whedonesque http://t.co/r0UhqcyGAY"
eng	positive	"Eye check-up! :) https://t.co/RhCIc7URvG"
eng	positive	"I LIKE PUNS :D http://t.co/jPtWXGc4tg"
eng	positive	"@bnjmnbrstw You're part of an elite group :)"
eng	positive	"camillus pleaseee? :)"
eng	positive	"@MercedesBenzInd The only reason I would hand it back - spare tyre in the boot.. Otherwise it was true Star :-)"
eng	positive	"@DrCurlytek Cheers. Realised you weren't joking. :)"
eng	positive	"Morning msgs :) * love in the air * http://t.co/0OSByKav77"
eng	positive	"quote tweet with a dm you really want and I'll surprise a few of you :)"
eng	positive	"@NickClark_1 Ahahah I'll do that too!!! :)"
eng	positive	"@ElJefe409 That's a shame - I thought we were getting somewhere. Abandoning talk with those who disagree w. you gets us nowhere! :)"
eng	positive	"contradict yourself continuously to create chaos contained in your cranium :)"
eng	positive	"Sneakers of the day :) #nike #nikeoriginal #nikeindonesia #pierojogger #skoy https://t.co/9Kt7dxxNYD"
eng	positive	"@Calum5SOS  goodnight :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :)   Do you have exciting plans this weekend?   There is a winter ball here in the Falklands"
eng	positive	"@dylanobrien @PaperTownsMovie @natandalex @johngreen @wyckgodfrey  ME! Can't wait :)"
eng	positive	"Follow :)"
eng	positive	"@Wilma2207fWilma haha! Thank you! :) 🍰"
eng	positive	"@AwesomeAngel40 Congratulations :-) x"
eng	positive	"@pritterpal No problem, I'll answer your DM soon :) Thanks, Jamie-Lee"
eng	positive	"Be sure to check out my last edit if you haven't already. :) https://t.co/N88T6qrwpI"
eng	positive	"@_ESCN0016 @Onatsss @ljabasula @coracaronan @ANGELeeminho congraaats guysss :)"
eng	positive	"What an event it was :) @KFC_India #KFCkitchentours"
eng	positive	"@Panasarizya23 hooh :)"
eng	positive	"@AlyssaC_HK I use Chrome :)"
eng	positive	"@5SOS_FAHUpdates thank you :) im glad to be a part of it!"
eng	positive	"@robertcarlyle_ Hope for great success! Waiting to be released in Korea :)"
eng	positive	"@Nada_Remah Good morning!! And a very, very happy birthday to you! :) Have a good one!"
eng	positive	"Late night storms&gt;&gt; thunderstorms could put me to sleep every night.. :)"
eng	positive	"Made it to our Las Vegas Hotel! :D #CircusCircus"
eng	positive	"congrats omgg good job for today's race :) — thankie, good job for tdy race too ((-: http://t.co/cEcw6m9H5A"
eng	positive	"@stumpedgirl hi there we made our final design, please check it :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MA :)"
eng	positive	"@PeterRaab Good going Peter ! Keep it up :)"
eng	positive	"@OSWreview "The Mega Powers Expelled" :-)"
eng	positive	"just boughy @AaronSegaert EX kernel manager. Love the old version and the new one is even better. :) https://t.co/xgmaUZcYYf"
eng	positive	"over slept:):):)"
eng	positive	"I love how the second I fall asleep on my back I fall into sleep paralysis :)"
eng	positive	"@ASAPOFFICIAL we love you Liza!:)😘"
eng	positive	"@Erick_Mocha lol.Hook up :D"
eng	positive	"OMG, I can't believe @DanielNewman from The Vampire Diaries followed me! Thank you so much....Best day ever :)"
eng	positive	"@Xx_tequila twice daily if it were with you :)"
eng	positive	"ThanQ @CaterFor @AlanWPhotos @CrawleySparky @tweetmidland @FiMackinnon have a gooday! #ff :)"
eng	positive	"Found some goodwill gold today :-)."
eng	positive	"@carolak wonderful! &amp; re: your question about our #vandr workshop: https://t.co/DDpk2A4k7z I'll also send more info later today :)"
eng	positive	"@AshDawson147 @snookerfanatic @SnookerSnaps @Guillemenorca @snookermylove @SnookerFamily @SexySnooker @GrandSnookerFan Thanks Ash! :)"
eng	positive	"@Smit_Meister @scotchism So this is debatable  :)"
eng	positive	"@Prox_Tourney seed 3 beat seed 9 on solar 6-5 as shown thank you! :) http://t.co/jp3Wuu6zIK"
eng	positive	"Ek"@YoKoKuali: I :)"@Kreizi_: Who wants a #FF S/O??"""
eng	positive	"@brice_rivera I have both in love you so much :)"
eng	positive	"@TacoSec An human that be like to eat many tacos here in Mexico. The taco is the best thing in my country! Viva México :D"
eng	positive	"Best Burger so far!do you agree? :) http://t.co/le5JAkjR4j #retweet #food #burger"
eng	positive	"same here :D #AlDub #TheBestAngKapuso @KGFikawna @elmobenguan @chaigurl07 @Acruz_siscon @ChanoMagbuhos  https://t.co/0Y142sp2nG"
eng	positive	"@lovingjeonboram :) Lets take it lighter down, shall we?   https://t.co/T74F2BtbRh  :-)"
eng	positive	"@Jon_Clifton78 awesome :)"
eng	positive	"Sweet tooth! :) http://t.co/2U0agbiaXs #retweet #icecream #food"
eng	positive	"Morning all... ITS BACON ROLL FRIDAY :D"
eng	positive	"Be patient :D "@madeciyuu: Korean netizen are crueler than I thought. :o""
eng	positive	"@WforWoman #WSaleLove thank you for your best wishes :)"
eng	positive	"@Jux_Clerance elephants also enjoy the taste of the unique Marula fruit :)"
eng	positive	"#TDIF! We will be doing our #FF shoutouts shortly! :) - #itsamarvelthing #Marvel http://t.co/vcDDh1ZQvV"
eng	positive	"When one of japan's pop artist become one of my follower on IG... Nice :)"
eng	positive	"getting off 4 a while need to do homework. will probs upload tomorrow seeing i have the time 2 :)"
eng	positive	"@huggi77 Hi Marco, the fruits and herbs in our parks are for all to view, so we hope you'll just appreciate them with your eyes. Thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"@SocialRMadrid it's actually gonna start at 1 pm for me so :))))"
eng	positive	"Low self esteem "@JennyBae_xiii: @thatothegreat I Don't Know :)""
eng	positive	"@jesvineh @MadihaSobtian @BarunSobtiSays patience is something i don't have but still i m a #sobtian :p"
eng	positive	"@RehamKhan1 @UzmaDanish1 hahaha hope for ..:p"
eng	positive	"@cuddlyyoongi my favorite account &lt;3 just too cute and aww :) thanks for making this account :) x"
eng	positive	"@_donutbethers_ yeahh :-)"
eng	positive	"I'm giving my coworker four more minutes until i call him :)"
eng	positive	"Hey! a lot of you write me about my Deathly Hallows as Supernatural so here you go! :) http://t.co/chjAquGBW5"
eng	positive	"@shweta_hr definitely a good news... for the consultant...:)"
eng	positive	"Anytime @hopekapuka, anytime. :)"
eng	positive	"@dazmoriarty nope. Up in himachal :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/T84tN7CzJr."
eng	positive	"@Jamies_Universe 2.25k is nothing to be ashamed of dude not when you've just started :-)"
eng	positive	"@KikiG4733 lol omg duh. Well go win some money :)"
eng	positive	"Good or lucky, I don't care. :))"
eng	positive	"@teylatte oh we're not in charge of that! our buyers just inform us that they joined the contest and won :)"
eng	positive	"finished downloading more than 10 movies and one complete tv series from last night. Now… WHERE.DO.I.START. :)))))) #moviemarathon"
eng	positive	"@boonearth Happy birthday then :D"
eng	positive	"Especially when your conversational skills sucks :D"
eng	positive	"@bluemonki "Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows" :)"
eng	positive	"@RobinAdamsZA @kalourd never been a fan and never owned a pair! If I'm gonna wear typical coloured shoes it'll be Cortez/Superstars! :)"
eng	positive	"@Digitalman1 @OliviaSu2 @LambyPhonics @Nick_Haigh @ReikiByKatie @garymillar @Othella_LLP @john_consult @HandDDiamonds Many Tthanks Colin :-)"
eng	positive	"@sellosekhobela Hello :) We offer internships in luxuous hotels worldwide, sure you'll find one for you &gt;&gt; http://t.co/ydq9krcVdd"
eng	positive	"@Rodarosexx sure babe :)"
eng	positive	"@MorrisHub @sidmouthfolk Look forward to watching those! :)"
eng	positive	"@DesignThinkMake We're so glad you discovered us! :) Let us know if you have any questions!"
eng	positive	"@tazzy_7 @5SOS only a pleasure, Tarryn! Shot for listening :)"
eng	positive	"Humans basically dont want peace and calm... Otherwise they would be spreading and practicing Science and Goodness... :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@dealwithBARBIE Hello ate #HBDMe :-):-)"
eng	positive	"@hayashi_aoki if you'd answer of course. I understand completely if you would not like too :)"
eng	positive	"See yah on Sunday @carmenkvarnen! :) https://t.co/9uSwZGSJxL"
eng	positive	"@NedretSirip Hey, here's your invite to join Scope as an influencer :)  http://t.co/rrIFS8s3EK"
eng	positive	"@nivedithg yeeeeyyy Congrats .. :-) #GOHF2015 #BarsoStay"
eng	positive	"@mhmmdeknci malese :D"
eng	positive	"@pascale_blakey Great, thanks lovely :-). Almost 40 responses in the first hour!!! So delighted. Some really great comments on what next."
eng	positive	"http://t.co/8V7Tn5bwEK Brilliant article in the independent! Sums up the current Labour leadership debacle perfectly. Enjoy! :)"
eng	positive	"@officialbavaria that's awesome. Other people take much longer for that :)"
eng	positive	"It's nice talking to someone and not using them :)  @HDiddyNZ"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x12"
eng	positive	"Add my SNAPCHAT - AmyJackson21 #snapchat #snapchat #sex #wife #omegle #countrymusic #sexy :) http://t.co/cGyXtUOirt"
eng	positive	"Downloading New Songs :)"
eng	positive	"I just got the Five Night's at Freddy's 4 Demo and getting ready to record it, I'm super pumped for this as I'm a FNAF fanboy :D"
eng	positive	"Off cycling with #thegrandad and @MonkeyNinjaYT :)"
eng	positive	"First Impression? :)"
eng	positive	"@sagar_meenakshi @neha8192 @AshviniYardi Hoping for a Grand SidNi Remarriage on the occasion of 1 year completion!! Congratulations! :)"
eng	positive	"Five Nights at Freddy's 4 | Night 1 ! https://t.co/Cl0YoptUAg :D"
eng	positive	"Follow @BobOngPhrases for more quotes. :)"
eng	positive	"@PeterLawrey People still code in those languages?:) But you're right. For me as a Java guy, PHP's notion of references is equally confusing"
eng	positive	"@itsrkool nope :p"
eng	positive	"@ebeck4999 @50Shades0fGrace @xoxoamymarie @VidCon @stuart_edge you met Amy?!? Ohioans stick together :)"
eng	positive	"I have been sitting here for an hour:) there is still no doctor here:) I am sitting in a hospital with no doctor:) :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@CatrionaShearer Just let us know the best address for you :)"
eng	positive	"@sarahnees My app is looking for influencers :) If you're interested, here's your invite http://t.co/rZgZtQ2fJT"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/36Wal3Tkwc thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! Ambre Suzan 268 4"
eng	positive	"Looking for offline #TheSims4 game guides? We've got you covered! :) http://t.co/hR3NFHrO4J"
eng	positive	"https://t.co/Y43d1EwWTw #MadonnaMadeMTV C'mon, ur turn #MadonnaFamily #MadonnaFans :) One more time, let's all do it. Just a few tweets each"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/0rjSClzGhR thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! Beverly Martin  1277 1093"
eng	positive	"@urihoresh mb s/he needed more coffee :-) @cotterw"
eng	positive	"@shree42007 thanks! You're very kind but good looks with no power kinda meaningless, no? :)"
eng	positive	"Common - Celebrate, never fails to get me in a good mood :)"
eng	positive	"Trying out some face paint for our show #MuertosAtFringe :) http://t.co/tsgn8eW0As"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/a5rmka5axn thanks for following!! Enjoy my tweets! :) lets be friends! _gta_giveaway 624 179"
eng	positive	"@iretrogame @RetroGamerProbs @RETR0JOE @gamesyouloved @JuicyGameReview nice to see some emulation being brought up :)"
eng	positive	"@benfosterdev Indeed. May I email you for a bit more info ? :-)"
eng	positive	"@luginehiary095 well i have no idea :p"
eng	positive	"Some of you guys are saying that you don't have omegle😁you could just use google :) that's what I'm doing"
eng	positive	"@team_sharapova @MariaSharapova @Sugarpova @CowEvents your lil bro...ES corner? :)"
eng	positive	"So, the enemies can simply go around it!:-) https://t.co/5pL57HsT53"
eng	positive	"Thank you Beiruting! :) http://t.co/BPl4vWRgPU"
eng	positive	"I've had such a crazy, but great day today! So glad just to relax tonight though :)"
eng	positive	"@BeingDoris thank you :) 🍰"
eng	positive	"@EricJLyman @USATODAY @Peirce77 @shawshanck @BicyclistAbroad Thanks Eric for the mention. ou may not have wanted to do that considering.. :)"
eng	positive	"Why have i just painted my nails pink :) ???"
eng	positive	"@_sarah_mae omg you can't just tell this and don't say more :p can't wait to know !!!! ❤️"
eng	positive	"@Vikkstar123 @VikkFollows done :D"
eng	positive	"@nerazktm I have no idea :) cc @ameetdhakal  :)"
eng	positive	"@PhilRAWRLester okay then :)"
eng	positive	"This earth. . . :D http://t.co/GRhJWbdkvk"
eng	positive	"@Tyraid well at least it'll be refreshing :p"
eng	positive	"who cares? :D haha"
eng	positive	":) :) :) meoooowwww wolf wolf wolf barkkkkkkkiiideee bark"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x11"
eng	positive	"@taofikabdul Routine is great as long as you enjoy the view at the end of it https://t.co/yQ7kCC5YkQ - Thanks for the favourite :)"
eng	positive	"@janesgravity oh cool :D Hope you like it!"
eng	positive	"@hugme1demi thanks bro ! :D x"
eng	positive	"@majesticnobhd I DREW ALEKS :D"
eng	positive	"it's for you to find out. :) — i know you haha http://t.co/zWNDmVbOED"
eng	positive	"@sarcxstic Awh, Good luck upgrading! :)"
eng	positive	"Kumpul cantik ganteng ~ :) (with Kresna, jelly, and 3 others at Simon &amp; Sons) [pic] — https://t.co/n5N8XWYLXZ"
eng	positive	"Thanks Lesley! Lovely to see you. Have fun in France :)  https://t.co/QTaRgYBqy1"
eng	positive	"Here's a life lesson you can teach your kids this weekend :) http://t.co/xdkILWu46Y"
eng	positive	"@HelenAnn_Davies Thanks Helen! Keep in touch and if you ever want to do any filming with the blood service you know where I am! :)"
eng	positive	"@CaptainTabouli :D you are welcome"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/4qZ74PcLA5."
eng	positive	"@KennyFarq @schofieldkevin Great stuff :)"
eng	positive	"OOPS!!  We can see your panties :) http://t.co/Uek1fHy60o http://t.co/WRWIjFNfKi"
eng	positive	"Lion &amp; Japanese landscapes. I made this for you artworkbylie  :)  #judo #fridays #mornings… https://t.co/tJc1yAr7EA"
eng	positive	"@athrawestokio @AdeccoWaytoWork @AdeccoJapan finished my presentation !! thank you :)   #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"when u really wanna watch daredevil but there are no more episodes of daredevil to watch so u despondently re-watch old eps :)):))):)))"
eng	positive	"@glitchim Online :)"
eng	positive	"@cekimmr_23 welcoma.have A nice day :)"
eng	positive	"@caramelatte_ @bravefrontiergl I favor tridon more cause he's a tank :p"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/6mQQlYgjs6."
eng	positive	"@Blossom__Joy I can save only 21pics but master nim say that there're 22pics. So I asked you how many pics can you see? :))"
eng	positive	"Kebun is an adorable spot in Ubud! Waiting for the #ladyposse  :) no better place for it! Xoxoxo https://t.co/dfkZkrKiZz"
eng	positive	"I have always felt this way... life is just beginning :) http://t.co/ZpdxQlnvJ6"
eng	positive	"Sneak peek of some items from our August collection. Stay tuned :) inbox for orders and prices :) http://t.co/l3yocj6Y8h"
eng	positive	"bc I really don't feel like reading :-) http://t.co/OpmjKJ66O1"
eng	positive	"@PB_Furniture thanks peeps :)) @whittakerdesig1 @smart_bn @Klick_Business @makeyoucontent @REDlineCC @RedBizUK @earlybiz #HappyWeekend all!"
eng	positive	"I have not been this happy for such a long time :)"
eng	positive	"therealgolden47  thanks for the follow !! hope you enjoy my work :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) #girlfriendsmya… https://t.co/8G7sXiNBNL"
eng	positive	"@FrogzLegzMummy @clubtrayfishing @FieldLeisure @TeamFell Morning All, Thanks for joining us and a Happy Friday to you! :-)"
eng	positive	"Lol :D Hilarious :D https://t.co/iUbE0qmIXp"
eng	positive	"Big thanks to everyone! Couldn't have done it without all the support! :) @HIT_LondonCity @BaxterStorey @GBCookBook @Bschefacademy"
eng	positive	"@keevacrampton @AineAbbott1998 I always forget to tag ppl:):):)"
eng	positive	"@KageYashsa Probably yes :p"
eng	positive	"@leedslwt this makes me so :)))"
eng	positive	"@Oloni great :)"
eng	positive	"How about you just have a nice convo like a normal person instead of posting how u feel about 200 of your closest twitter friends :-)"
eng	positive	"@nidhik6907 hope U'll njoy followingg me :)"
eng	positive	"I'm more active on @waTAOwat and I'm near to making this account private so... :D"
eng	positive	"Close your eyes :))"
eng	positive	"@itradeland that's one of mine. Button pusher. Out soon :)"
eng	positive	"@SpringwellLife thank you so much for having us! We're glad you enjoyed it :-)"
eng	positive	"@rebelwithany Thank you Pri. :)"
eng	positive	"@DanGodOfWar thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"@2turntsav I'm not gonna freak out :::::)"
eng	positive	"I second that, simply stunning! :D https://t.co/E9q4mgeTz4"
eng	positive	"OMG!! I can't wait for this!!! I miss everyone!! Wooohooo!! :)) https://t.co/1iiqA9Aa2s"
eng	positive	"@cjtyless hello cutie :)"
eng	positive	"@josephcaptures sure! go cuss out some teenage girls and post a video of it! i'm sure the feedback will be amazing :)"
eng	positive	"Have a great session @BeckieJPhoto. Hope you've got that #fridayfeeling :-)"
eng	positive	"First meeting of three today. Ace way to end the week :) https://t.co/7IDziFkG1E"
eng	positive	"Morning everyone, have a lovely day and a fab weekend :-) x"
eng	positive	"Belated happy bday sauce! :) http://t.co/AeQelim2C8"
eng	positive	"Hi livi fowles : oliviafowles891 Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :) https://t.co/x8hlsZudXr"
eng	positive	"Followed ya :) https://t.co/gKTQxsd4PB"
eng	positive	"Burnout ? no more !! :D http://t.co/g1VYf8OFnX #JohnForCEO #CEO1Month @AdeccoWaytoWork @AdeccoMalaysia"
eng	positive	"@Rosebud_Blush @fly_t_girl @foxxie75 @hayleyy2k @LucyoBailey @JodieCassidy4 thank you! :) x"
eng	positive	"@mgallizzi it was a great read Matthew! Really interesting and thought provoking :)"
eng	positive	"@RegaJha @SheikhImaan Is this not against IndianKulture .. I oppose :).. happy anniversary :)"
eng	positive	"@ohstylesss please give them to @chitownniall thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@Biker_Babe_SA happy Friday biker babe :)"
eng	positive	"@angel_mahiyaa @apki_jasmine @pagallarkee @sweet_heena ya dis sounds lyk a gud idea :)"
eng	positive	"Ohhh who will find me??? #GoodMorning #Friday :) https://t.co/JrmE17RGv3"
eng	positive	"@grrl_afraid Oh course, I gained weight bcus I used to be a rubbish veggie but now I've learned to balance everything now! :-)"
eng	positive	"Can Steph come with me back to NJ? :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x10"
eng	positive	"@Kentsson have a wonderful day! Thank you :-)"
eng	positive	"@RealCrimeMag Twitter is not allowing me to retweet my blog post - since it's about you, I thought you'd be interested.  Link in my feed :-)"
eng	positive	"@Periplus_Store You're welcome and thanks for exploring and retweeting :)"
eng	positive	"@Neo_Einstein Smart boy. :)"
eng	positive	"@Shana_Banana_44 Cheers :) xx"
eng	positive	"@monolifemusic Aa soon as I get it to a listenable/cohesive point let's meet. Be great to get some feedback :-))"
eng	positive	"@Keith_Russell @jayutd1999 @seamus_bannon Seems like people use MEN as the source,so nothing new i guess. Just gossip :)"
eng	positive	"Hi alex : heswifi Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :) https://t.co/UaAjJIsNLk"
eng	positive	"@thenwchica thank you :) 🍰"
eng	positive	"@NonEvans got mine done at 7am this morning :-)"
eng	positive	"@Beer52HQ looking forward to them :-)"
eng	positive	"@Inugamikun Wub Cerbchan? :D"
eng	positive	"Hi .. : Jarraaaaa Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :) https://t.co/MgApQcXPgj"
eng	positive	"@OurLitEscapades Morrrrning :) how are you? I snoozed off again. I go home today :)"
eng	positive	"@appveyor clicksco  thanks :)"
eng	positive	"It's better to be gay and lesbian than be a rigid theocratic, right wing fundamentalist Islamist. :) @anujkg25 @taslimanasreen @mkatju #lgbt"
eng	positive	"@bachovski Thanks for the feedback, I'll take it next Tuesday :)"
eng	positive	"Hi brianaaaa : BrianaZabrocki Do you want to get FREE iPhone 6? Hurry check my bi0. Thx :) https://t.co/3IbSwpy54w"
eng	positive	"Last night's sky :) #holiday #sunshine #sky #pretty https://t.co/FQ6dQHqW8U"
eng	positive	"@NickRomanTV @knovak832_novak well said, your right this episode was fantastic..:) #BATB clap clap clap"
eng	positive	"@Can128_ Awesome! Glad its all working now :) Always here if you need us. MKa"
eng	positive	"@eminem #DearSlim Did u get an offer to play in the film but u had to turn it down cause your summer body wasn't ready yet :D ?"
eng	positive	""The Mega Powers Expelled" :-) @thewadekeller @prowrestlingnet @cagesideseats @johnreport"
eng	positive	"@LindsayWicker Thanks for the retweet my friend :)"
eng	positive	"@WilliamHC3 Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"I think that everyone has :-) https://t.co/d3XXsX6yeK"
eng	positive	"@EvokingMaster *dies whilst hugging an Aki* yaaay! :D"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? KIK : thencerest547 #kik #kiksexting #sex #followback #l4l #indiemusic #kikgirl :) http://t.co/PdvQw0QAQq"
eng	positive	"@_mahzo oh cool it worked. Cheers :)"
eng	positive	"Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :) http://t.co/aAK0phT3GE"
eng	positive	"@kingsheadgford Love that song! :)"
eng	positive	"A great end to the work week! Sunshine, low humidity. 87. Changes over the weekend. Details on @6abc this AM. :)"
eng	positive	"@valentinecakes my birthday is today. How about a promotional cake?I swear I will walk on nails for that :-)"
eng	positive	"you always seemed to like my sloppy second's : )"
eng	positive	"@biltongstmarcus Hi, do you stock Marmite Cheese Spread at all? Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x9"
eng	positive	"@BellissimaEx @MarriedtoaGeek1 @b_ecki @ablokeseyeview Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@snowzrfr @AndrewAlexMac @LuciHolland @caiitlinz @IGDAScotland indeed, wonderful to see everyone :) great night!"
eng	positive	"@psycothichar okay start :D"
eng	positive	"@nicagaray thank you Nic!!!!!!!!! :)) hang soon sa taft ahh!!"
eng	positive	"@SWEarlyMusic Thank you so much for helping to spread the word about us being finalists in the National Lottery Awards! :-)"
eng	positive	"@SlyCat @sjcanadensi someone mention Usagi? Loooooove him!! :D"
eng	positive	"WOWWWW, Thanks a lot team :) ❤💙💚💕❤💙💚💕  ❤💙💚💕❤💙💚💕 via @ManoharRpm"
eng	positive	"@uanhes94 lETS BE FRIENDS :))))))"
eng	positive	"Lepas dah sembuh ni sibuk balik so its okay la kins. You wont be thinking anything else except ur studies :)"
eng	positive	"#Gotham sneak peek :) https://t.co/WKwsm5XvOW"
eng	positive	"@LxJffrs Thanks Alex. :-)"
eng	positive	"Mine too :) https://t.co/jdumAxgzH0"
eng	positive	"its soo hot #sunnyday #sunshine sun is smiling at me LOL :)"
eng	positive	"@absoluteradio @OC Fuck texting you funny dudes+dudettes :) Costs me a ~#Flippin' ~#Fortune500 I'm in ~#DivineDiscontent;}~the ~#AmNotness}~"
eng	positive	"no thanks ah :))) https://t.co/53Y8kOT4Rm"
eng	positive	"@MaxivisionEye WOWWWW, Thanks a lot team :) ❤💙💚💕❤💙💚💕  ❤💙💚💕❤💙💚💕"
eng	positive	"Hey @globmobcom Thanks For Following :)   #AutoFollow #TeamFollowback http://t.co/chhWQ9DHgO via http://t.co/xMohgOWIVJ"
eng	positive	"Geer bat mz yang deennya jehwan :)"
eng	positive	"@Maddo1970 @RomeroJos01 @WhitbyWhatsOn Thank you. Glad you enjoyed! :-)"
eng	positive	"Good morning @Krona_design, we look forward to seeing you at @SkyFallHove soon. Have a good day! :) https://t.co/1QDoh0aHeS"
eng	positive	"Hey @Indie_Shell Thanks For Following :)   #AutoFollow #TeamFollowback http://t.co/chhWQ9DHgO via http://t.co/xMohgOWIVJ"
eng	positive	"@mjpoukkula have a good weekend!  :)"
eng	positive	"Short stream tomorrow at 11:00 AM! Fun day today thanks all :D"
eng	positive	"@MyDayInProperty @robblackie Hi Julie :) Not bad thanks....you?"
eng	positive	"Hey @Hired_NYC Thanks For Following :)   #AutoFollow #TeamFollowback http://t.co/chhWQ9DHgO via http://t.co/xMohgOWIVJ"
eng	positive	"5SOS Calum5SOS Luke5SOS Ashton5SOS Hey guys! PLEASE follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ :)"
eng	positive	"@ffsjason I'm not. datz you. :-)"
eng	positive	"Goodnight from Jeremy :)"
eng	positive	"@valleymillshop A big Hello - We've just sent you an email :)"
eng	positive	"@TheoGfeller Thanks my friend and Wonderful Friday to you too :))"
eng	positive	"can't sleep, fmt 4 dat dm :)))"
eng	positive	"@lucasbluesea and i also don't know what to tweet so :)"
eng	positive	"@TarekTamo @NourH92 hahahahaha law I can make it happen I would do it in a heartbeat :D"
eng	positive	"@L3THXL @JB_Voxy @CodyPotions an already clutching shit...... foh homie :)"
eng	positive	"What a great idea... :-) http://t.co/3ho3OZhLqC"
eng	positive	"🐢 — I like 🐢 too :) http://t.co/kPl3kaPqGo"
eng	positive	"@nechantya hi please do check our final design :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@OrestePerka Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@vkon1 Going to see it tonight - sons' choice of film, so glad to hear that its worth watching :)"
eng	positive	"@_andree3000 @swaveyjayy_ @Dearnataliee I just hate my life so much :-) lmao"
eng	positive	"@DoctorKarl the angels must have you confused with another doctor :) #besteverdoctorwhoepisode"
eng	positive	"@fairmnt this :) is :) so :) relevant :)))))))))) I :) want :) to :) puke :)))"
eng	positive	"@chelsea_acker Just make sure you have us Rubber Ducks with you! It's not a proper bath without us! :-) #quacketyquack"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x8"
eng	positive	"@Dobboinaus thats it :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter @PallaviRuhail This one is irresistible :) #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/9J0oceCxIr"
eng	positive	"So long subliminal messages :) -H #EATmeat #BREWproject #lovenafianna http://t.co/TkDvEYQFBO"
eng	positive	"@Corbyn4Leader @labourlewis nice one Mr Lewis :)"
eng	positive	"everytime i look at the clock its 3:02 and something weird happens and i just finished coughing up blood that started at 3:02. nice :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @goldquarter1, thanks for connecting. We specialise in thermal imaging surveys – here if you need us :)"
eng	positive	"@tracysbakes haha thank you :) 🍰"
eng	positive	"I’m a Muslim and I love my prophets.  :)  #غردلي  http://t.co/eELRfZu8LC"
eng	positive	"@Mufcfighter1 @theR3Ddot13 We would anyway with them in there :-)"
eng	positive	"@calumscool @carterreynolds Stop getting hate on him, of whatever kind it is.He made a mistake, and  he understood it, stop.:)"
eng	positive	"@GemfeedOfficial Thanks for retweet :)"
eng	positive	"@PaulBongiorno I was going to question why more politicians but I'm not going to argue with a man of your intellect... :-)"
eng	positive	"@Clayakn Woah, big plan. Good luck with that :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for your recommendation, Shiva :). We are very happy ^_^  Music MP3 Mobile Apps: http://t.co/PnohLXn4vv http://t.co/InI8rcaptP"
eng	positive	"Summers in #StAndrews. Join us for Fish and Chips after all the sandcastle fun :)  https://t.co/K4loJtj3Nn"
eng	positive	"@GrahamTownsend More like an Ewok in my case :D @MiamiTrue"
eng	positive	"@JennyF209 i'd want nate to win :) all out brawl rear naked choke in the 4th"
eng	positive	"@MSOpinion glad you liked :) @sureshbabu_"
eng	positive	"COFFEES NOT BAD EITHER :) http://t.co/dx6w0lG7JM"
eng	positive	"I also catch heck from a lot of gun haters who try to associate my guns to my, um, endowments.... I have very rude responses :)  @HDiddyNZ"
eng	positive	"@milay_44 yeah :)"
eng	positive	"@SarahSupafud I agree Sarah, it's just that the phone can be really busy at times. This is why we give other options :) ^C"
eng	positive	"@MR_SINISTER0013 Thanks for playing #JourneyPS4!  :D"
eng	positive	"Had one of the best conversations about AI with @FedericoPistono today. Pleasure meeting you sir! :-) http://t.co/NibAbZsKEL"
eng	positive	"My name is sikandar khan  And i support #Pti #standwdIk :) #WeStandWithIK"
eng	positive	"The starbucks logo stands for obsession , addiction and death #lol :p"
eng	positive	"@yvonneainah I love you! :)"
eng	positive	"Keep Smiling :) Perhaps your smile will renew hope for someone who's about to lose it .. •Smiling is Charity :)"
eng	positive	"@NiallOfficial Hello :) Tell me, do you still keep in touch with Zayn? :)"
eng	positive	"Have a blessed friday :) #جمعة_مباركة"
eng	positive	"Just smile and enjoy the time :)"
eng	positive	"Min @FansAldiSalsha follback me! :)"
eng	positive	"@BeardAintWeird_ Go Hokies! :) Our biz internships will be posted under University Recruiting - Non Tech on the website. I'll DM you info!"
eng	positive	"@EffYoF33linz     Hello to n America California USA! dear friend Thank you for following :)"
eng	positive	"It's July 24, 2015 at 01:16AM and that means it's time to give some love to mist45gameplay. :) #ILOVEYOU"
eng	positive	"HAHAHA!  BAILEY MAY :) SUCH A FAN BOY OF ARIANA GRANDE!!  #PBB737GOLD"
eng	positive	"@FroudRS @Mini_Marm  We have nex vex designed for you :)) http://t.co/wNmvAAdr4y"
eng	positive	"Good Morning IGers :) #leicaq #leica #goodmorning http://t.co/jDGtfb3VVE http://t.co/6YqR8Rz9U0"
eng	positive	"@ashak21 dudeeeeeee I'm so happy you like them :))))) tell me which are your favorites"
eng	positive	"@DarkAngelRafael @Skin_Yard Yes. That keeps coming up on lists and someone else has mentioned Persona. I’ll try that. Thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"@hakkovenus Yepp. Course mo? :)"
eng	positive	"Let's play this :) http://t.co/mJRbZhkOA9"
eng	positive	"@MunaAbuSulayman @shounshounette :) thank you so much😊😊"
eng	positive	"Invite My pin 5878E503 :)"
eng	positive	"playing Dota 2 :D"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x7"
eng	positive	"@gregols09 Glad you agree Greg, we think they're pretty useful too :) MKa"
eng	positive	"@tylergposey come to Australia! we love you Posey :)"
eng	positive	"Surreal :)"
eng	positive	"@taprichai ah. Ok. I was wondering :) :*"
eng	positive	"@RyanGage Yeah ! Nothing can stop the King of France :D Have a nice day !"
eng	positive	"Going to Miami tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"@alixstone all fab here. Hope you're the same :)"
eng	positive	"James_Yammouni Hey JAMES! Thanks for the follow but PLEASE follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ :)"
eng	positive	"@agulalanlar Thanks for the retweet my friend :)"
eng	positive	"@xokristim Thank you so much! :)"
eng	positive	"@kathleenmmorgan i appreciate you and i am glad we are friends :))))"
eng	positive	"@MagdaKapa @morningporch @KrisLindbeck @matt_jakubowski @henryckrempels @velveteenrabbi @RichardNSkinner @rs_sparks @phoeniciapubl :) Thanks"
eng	positive	"@VnG_Hollands @VnG_Brando TIME FOR MINE :D"
eng	positive	"Have a full breakdown of the materials used for Thorin now. :D Time to hunt down the materials and work myself through the project."
eng	positive	"@RunJumpScrap @HecticDad01 @NigeHiggins4 @Twinmumanddad @crunchy_mummy @PoopRainbowMama @Mr_Kitney :-D love you lots :-) xx"
eng	positive	"@MahamK97   I was just tired yesterday   Choroo ga nahi us ko :D"
eng	positive	"@mikecoulson48 @UtopianFireman @Jenny_Musings @SupporttheFBU @FBUSOUTHERN @joolstom Cheers Mike - love the pics :)"
eng	positive	"@ImAngelinaValen  Aztec princess.  :)"
eng	positive	"Nice rainy walk to work. Stopped to look at rain on the river and saw a kingfisher :)"
eng	positive	"Or to ask what He made you this year :) https://t.co/ydLzrWYrL6"
eng	positive	"@MrLachie @the_overtones @OfficialMarkF @rucomingout So do I :) such lovely relaxed faces.....or yours is at least!!"
eng	positive	"Chinua Achebe To me being an intellectual doesnt mean knowing about intellectual issues it means taking pleasure in them. :-)"
eng	positive	"The amber liquid continues to flow, almost game time :-) #MelbourneTrip2015 #TaxiKitchen https://t.co/TjsUKEvepd"
eng	positive	"@cabbyyyy ..is doing a Harry dm giveaway nooow !:) ♥★☆"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 4 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/uimhgcmIDk."
eng	positive	"Let http://t.co/JknPWfDqkQ help you get your book published. eBook or Print, let us help launch it. Self-publishers :-) let's do it!"
eng	positive	"@LorSaguinsin you should study at McDo. Strong selfie games everywhere. :))"
eng	positive	"Hey Iphone dreamer : tanisha1nonly :) Wanna get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Checkout my bi0. Thanks https://t.co/IxFXJi9YJ8"
eng	positive	"Often attitudes are kindled in the flame of others convictions. Louis E. Le Bar :-)"
eng	positive	"@tsncblog good reasons I hope :)"
eng	positive	"*later :-)"
eng	positive	"@triangledarren thank you :)"
eng	positive	"Well.. This worth a repath :)  (Repath Kak Adis) [pic] — https://t.co/xAEEe2tfdI"
eng	positive	"@santosmarkaljon @InsidiousMovie I'm not Stefanie ... This &gt; @StefanieScott is the real one :)"
eng	positive	"@Pseudony_Ms No, that's completely true. I'm watching the entire series of SG1 right now on Lightbox, so can confirm :)"
eng	positive	"Indeed! Ran out of characters, knew you'd get it :) https://t.co/KfLhKQfwho"
eng	positive	"@WoldHeath it's not my hands or incorrect spelling. I'm just the apologist :D"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x6"
eng	positive	"Add me :))))) http://t.co/8XAFR7meiO"
eng	positive	"@sodapopmashton oh okay! thanks :)"
eng	positive	"No VULY today. 2 will be up tomorrow though :)"
eng	positive	"Boat trip with my beautiful wife :-) http://t.co/b4DG6lADgI"
eng	positive	"It's July 24, 2015 at 01:15AM and that means it's time to give some love to mist45gameplay. :) #ILOVEYOU"
eng	positive	"Tom :D @TomParker  @MissKelseyH via Snapchat x http://t.co/mX5OO0cYHB"
eng	positive	"@wintermaximoffs Hey Cam! We come in peace :) What can we do to help? /C"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/XX65KfaylK."
eng	positive	"@treybaimbridge @hdez_emmy @IAmAlii1 @Abir_Khusro don't want you to ruin your dreams by thinking you're batman :-)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/MfsVECw1bW."
eng	positive	"@thatchamdad very cute! She looks fabulous :)"
eng	positive	"@ROBBOsickdog @ClassixOSRS will watch :)"
eng	positive	"Yes, Pearson had that reputation. Does Nikkei have that reputation? Hmmm...ask Michael Woodford. :D @W7VOA @FT"
eng	positive	"Cousins are for life :)❤💜💘💋 #vsco #vscocam #vscoph #vscogood #vscophil #vscocousins #love… https://t.co/JwNwLUp583"
eng	positive	"@BTSPRIME yaap urwelc :))"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter #FlipkartFashionFriday Neon color hot pants :-) ;)"
eng	positive	"@vipervillan  haaa you would miss him :-)"
eng	positive	"@adam_turner everyone wants parcel and everyone is willing to believe auspost failed to deliver it :)"
eng	positive	"Earth 2.0 :)  http://t.co/XqS9UFdwtl"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @norman20015949"
eng	positive	"#openfollow for rp who can speak eng. just retweet :)"
eng	positive	"@MrCommodity002 Hi :) You may be interested this blog http://t.co/n3qVcBDNdh"
eng	positive	"Rain is God's way of telling me that it's time for a nap :-) hehe"
eng	positive	"Okay let's start with a little feature today :) Yūjō-Cosplay are cosplayers from Luxembourg who only started... http://t.co/srAoxZxJMr"
eng	positive	"@CursedDid911 :) i have all day tommorow ok chill"
eng	positive	"@MyriadPhoto Thanks for the retweet :)"
eng	positive	"@Wolfaro yay more bunnys. :)"
eng	positive	"Damn that food was good. :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter #FlipkartFashionFriday Love This :) http://t.co/TZPmwWhCbb"
eng	positive	"@tayser1989 please I can't sleep till you broadcast I needa laugh a little !:)"
eng	positive	"good night :-)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/x81hxl9RTH."
eng	positive	"@qistnaa for once i used 'u' :-)"
eng	positive	"@ColinHalby Thank you! Can't wait to make the next cover. :)"
eng	positive	"@candinam Gals also bend down in one knees to put a men down and bend down in two knees to pleasure a men up to the heaven :)"
eng	positive	"@SVInitiative Thank you for your proposal :)"
eng	positive	"@CurvaNordSoul If he scores more than 10 goals, that list will be forgotten. :)"
eng	positive	"@AlexShawESPN Loan back until January :D"
eng	positive	"Add me on Snapchat - HanaButle18 #snapchat #kikhorny #interracial #FaceTime #makeup #music #kikgirl :) http://t.co/sDYs6kx2um"
eng	positive	"@Powerspell3 @TheVerzarian I care about chu too, you told me once, and I remembered it :)"
eng	positive	"@CellarDoorExp Fingers crossed for you :)"
eng	positive	"Yay weekend's here! Happy punting everyone :D #horseracing #horses #betting #horseracingtips http://t.co/YdEFGZgnHw"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/CHp0q7Gv5C."
eng	positive	"Yup, some Soulful Goodness :-) guitar/soul featuring Cocoared &amp; @PHIGROA http://t.co/5HV6Sd8uQY #soul #soulful"
eng	positive	"@Cath_Tyldesley @YourStylist It is always good to stand out from the crowd :)"
eng	positive	"@seggaeelives salut :)"
eng	positive	"A brief introduction 2 d earliest history of #Indian subcontinent even bfr Mauryas: http://t.co/NEeqJTkQhy:) http://t.co/jKTIjQxYoW"
eng	positive	"My Jordanian number 00962778381838  Whatsapp the same :)"
eng	positive	"Photoset: tenyai: Ya’ll know you were thinking it… Hee hee :D My first SS month, well, here is day 1 semi... http://t.co/G1uA6N0Ce7"
eng	positive	"Best ATP players (Wimbledon 2015): Federer, Nadal, Monfils. Most handsome ATP players: Cilic, Cilic, Cilic. :)"
eng	positive	"@Hanan_nisaS mind to follow back? :)"
eng	positive	"@FaZeMeerkatt Thx for the follow :D"
eng	positive	"@drewharley67 @GerardButler You're so right about that! :-)"
eng	positive	"@GhalibMK Not sure. Just need to firm stuff up in my diary but will let you know. Potentially August :)"
eng	positive	"#FF @Hola_its_Esha  Nyc Girl must follow her :-)"
eng	positive	"Chillin with lils :) drawing tails on kittens x https://t.co/5mo2AysfE9"
eng	positive	"@solacehes I'm really nice actually😂😁and thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@PKMN_Assassin GARRET!!! ❤ :D"
eng	positive	"Nice one Baz.  So lucky to be working for and with such a wonderful company of people.  :-) https://t.co/InHUY4fkdG"
eng	positive	"Oh be :D"
eng	positive	"Say #hello to @Raptech_Pumps' #LEO XST Series Standard #Centrifugal #Pump :) http://t.co/IzStcUJh3p http://t.co/5wsyAxPaFk"
eng	positive	"@gdicko66 give me an hour and message again will see what the day is looking like once our tips go live on the website. :)"
eng	positive	"@Wichita1771 you awake? :p"
eng	positive	"LONG HAIRED MEN MAKE MY WORLD A BETTER PLACE : )"
eng	positive	"@officialCelebV @classicfilms101 it's really good, and also From Here To Eternity. :)"
eng	positive	"@TaniaArellanoo just doing my job :-)"
eng	positive	"Forgive and forget. :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/dRArgTzKeh."
eng	positive	"Love is putting someone else's needs before yours :)"
eng	positive	"@TradeboxMedia Thanks. :-)"
eng	positive	"Thanks :) @TONELOC101  https://t.co/rdh1X7dih6"
eng	positive	"Kangin Oppa :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"@qqooooooooooo بندر العنزي, Heiyo, visit my website for FREE 50.000 Coins in 8 BALL POOL now! Thanks :D"
eng	positive	"@BigMammaJosie lil bitch, Heiya, visit my site if u wanna grab a FREE 30.000 8 Ball Pool Coins. Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@glitteratichic Our pleasure Kristin, enjoy your flight :)"
eng	positive	"I will fulfil all your fantasies :) 👉 http://t.co/VuC1cI1E0u 👈💗 http://t.co/Ych5wJt7CI"
eng	positive	"@casslovesdrake yes cass I think you should :)"
eng	positive	"Happy moments :-) with surajettan kashi and ashwathy..."
eng	positive	"YES MOMMY DOESNT HAVE HER POWER BACK! YESSSS!! :D"
eng	positive	"Refreshing Time with Tirth Brambhatt :D — playing snooker"
eng	positive	"@JackFejer thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@bravefrontiergl Glad to see you working so hard im grateful for compensation but honestly playing this game for free is good enough :)"
eng	positive	"@agnishaa followback :)"
eng	positive	"Talk shit :))"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/S5Az1nSlHX http://t.co/TS2qrrlzV1"
eng	positive	"Add my KIK - theoper479 #kik #kikgirl #snapchat #hot #pussy #premiostumundo #kikkomansabor :) http://t.co/PwGCXr3bhD"
eng	positive	"Good night everyone!! : ) https://t.co/yhIOXEl7fe"
eng	positive	"@IMKellyHoppen Actually, I would beg to differ on that one. Sometimes, less is more. :) #philosophical"
eng	positive	""i'll be different when i get back" wow i can't wait for hannibal to ruin will again :)))))"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x5"
eng	positive	"Bring your graphic design and web design skills to the next level :) Learn more:... http://t.co/2HIE5tcv2P"
eng	positive	"Join us for See, make do! every Wed, Thurs &amp; Fri in July &amp; Aug (excl 12 Aug) Free crafts &amp; we'll do the tidying up :) http://t.co/DzylIYhhRG"
eng	positive	"#ff to our new members! @BaileyWalshLLP @backuptech @TheLondonDeliCo :)"
eng	positive	"@martin_7a can I play? I'm eating a raw weenie :)"
eng	positive	"@ChristabellaTr2 My world name is annoyingbaby and i probably come to ur world :)"
eng	positive	"@CareerBreakSite thanks for the mention! Honored to be included there among some great blogs :) Have a great weekend! Sharing now X"
eng	positive	"Same :) https://t.co/JA8FUggJwT"
eng	positive	"@MammaRajSays thanks for the tweet about my post! :)"
eng	positive	"Little Man and I have just watched the weather forecast. We are having a lazy cosy day today for the first day of the holidays! :)"
eng	positive	"Client_amends_edit_5_final_final_final.pdf  That! :)  #morning"
eng	positive	"Exactly! :) Mauliate, ito!  https://t.co/er8j0LHkiM"
eng	positive	"@BurakKrp Hello :-) If you are walking in the city install our application ZonzoFox clicking this link http://t.co/G2ixonCqoT. It's free ;-)"
eng	positive	"Yes to Fridays. :) https://t.co/kpRWLSoeRD"
eng	positive	"@riiiyyaaaaa oKKay :))"
eng	positive	"@effleurxge knock knock! this is soloist's ryu saera : ) a verify would be nice? ++pinkeu"
eng	positive	"ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft http://t.co/GpGpQV2TTo ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/HphRTT6IQZ"
eng	positive	"[Screencaps] JongHyun &amp; SeungYeon com CNBLUE - MBC WGM.  #Pri ;) :)"
eng	positive	"ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft http://t.co/2lqMgmagKr ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/j2UaGkU9T4"
eng	positive	"ANGRY GRANDPA PLAYS MINECRAFT (ANIMATION) #Minecraft http://t.co/RYHE6sKiJ2 ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/pVzUoAaPIO"
eng	positive	"@Taitamco Oh, that MASA :-) got you! BTW, Entrepreneurship empowered you?"
eng	positive	"Must get ready for that trip to the Limpopo :)"
eng	positive	"@EllieVond @SkeletonSweets @Justin_Naito @justcallmerizzo One of these days I think I would love to meet you in person. :)"
eng	positive	"The best thing about driving long distance is listening to the radio :)"
eng	positive	"Excited for the second picts!! :)))))"
eng	positive	"MY snapchat : NoraPowel19 #snapchat #hornykik #teen #booty #photooftheday #music #livesex :) http://t.co/cpnxELviXs"
eng	positive	"@EHousein nope :) Emirates air line i http://t.co/xVLbWyCN19"
eng	positive	"i walked out of the fruit shop with LOTS of pumpkins and a guy smiled at me because it looked pretty funny, but doesn't matter, it works :)"
eng	positive	"@techin2b Thanks for the retweet my friends :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/NctwyoltIQ."
eng	positive	"How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! – (No Download) World of Tanks – Easy http://t.co/Cz4OE19ynN ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/aJURbpDfTq"
eng	positive	"@ReetAwwsum Great! Did you reserve for Windows 10? :) ^MM"
eng	positive	"How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! – (No Download) World of Tanks – Easy http://t.co/YC2GbYRCTx ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/CTuUvDILxr"
eng	positive	"How To Get Free Gold In W.O.T.!!! – (No Download) World of Tanks – Easy http://t.co/NrGOZ7DQgu ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/J6ISDHFyWP"
eng	positive	"@bridgetminamore did it thrice :)"
eng	positive	"@PersonnelPlace @AnneFaramus @salisbury_wilts @JBSCompanyStore @BartercardSB @SarumStThomas Have a good weekend :-)"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber :) back at ya"
eng	positive	"@TheBitBlock I am officially a patron now! I love your work and I'm looking forward to see all the extra content! :) http://t.co/UnaUkLbfRY"
eng	positive	"Coffee and book before I venture outside :) #holiday #coffee #reading #deathcure https://t.co/zqD404DDuU"
eng	positive	"@graphic_foodie that one at the bottom looks like a boob :)"
eng	positive	"@ghostfinder no worries :) I don't blame you haha! X"
eng	positive	"Celebrate end of work week!:) Invite your friends to dine here and experience the modern Korean House… https://t.co/ul8fcuREuu"
eng	positive	"@LA_Weatherly It's one of the absolute best bits of my job! And thanks for letting me grill you about your writing process :)"
eng	positive	"@ARealSnake Like where? :D"
eng	positive	"@gus33000 but Disk Management is same since NT4 iirc :D Also, what UX refinements were in zdps?"
eng	positive	"@1DCrazen no its okay i didnt mind everyone has their opinions :) anyway we're talking first time"
eng	positive	"Do it for great justice, and also text adventures! :D https://t.co/HxV8GFvqHD"
eng	positive	"@PsychoIogicall Keep trying - you will get there :)"
eng	positive	"It's always nice to get an invite :)"
eng	positive	"@ChrisPeyPataah awwww thank you daw tine. :) BTW I HEARD SA GENSAN KA???? I MISS YOU YOU KNOW"
eng	positive	""@yettygeers: dont give up and know that better days are coming :-) http://t.co/ZqpwgCmw0b""
eng	positive	"Just ordered some more Frightlings undead plushes and cushions :D.  Hopefully they'll be here soon xxxxxx"
eng	positive	"NBA 2K15 MyPark – The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 http://t.co/8fpTsU6SqR ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/GeKB3pLNUZ"
eng	positive	"I'm gonna buy you~ :) http://t.co/GlcLGTVe0U"
eng	positive	"@shaz_england  re download Twitter on phone, had to do it a few times myself :-)"
eng	positive	"i'm here for a reason ok : )"
eng	positive	"@w_illiam_tan We will try to come to a decision that is favorable for both sides. :)"
eng	positive	"NBA 2K15 MyPark – The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 http://t.co/bosrrkB3JU ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/7kqgZXtdGG"
eng	positive	"NBA 2K15 MyPark – The Chronicles of Gryph: Volume 3 http://t.co/120nsFCS8b ← Click Aqui :D http://t.co/soMkoKRGIa"
eng	positive	"@crustyolddeen I'll do it now! give me a few minutes :)"
eng	positive	"@KingCuh happy birthday bro :) have a good one"
eng	positive	"@Rl191459Alex Hey and thank you for following :)"
eng	positive	"Friday mood :)   (Source: The Ellen Degeneres Show) http://t.co/jAQsiwxxKd"
eng	positive	"@GrahamTownsend Oh yes, I have some of those shirts. They're nice :) - ROFL @ old mints :D - I'm rocking a sexy Superdry tee right now x"
eng	positive	"And the vacation is not over yet. Berangkaat lagiii :D"
eng	positive	"@HutchinsonDave @Beakmoo @Pani_Bufetowa this has made me very happy :)"
eng	positive	"@HelpRefugeesOZ No worries, fixed :)"
eng	positive	"You give more yet receive less. Ok lng siguro un. Kesa you give more yet receive nothing... :)"
eng	positive	"@EscapologistGl An interview day again today? Sending lotsa lotsa good luck :D xx"
eng	positive	"@Barrastinian @chunkymark What if they had a child :D"
eng	positive	"I hear a lot, see a lot. I just don’t say anything! :)"
eng	positive	"@CyprisJ thank u mistress :)"
eng	positive	"Had my few hours beauty sleep, ready for few hours at Pure Organisation Offices then weekend off :-) Oh and...I... http://t.co/dCNoUH9s5R"
eng	positive	"Good Afternoon :)"
eng	positive	"@Random_MrDiddy I know he lives in Australia I was talking to my friend cuz it's like 4am for her but thanks anyway :))"
eng	positive	"@badams Haha, thanks man. :-) Fingers-crossed I won’t have to delve too deep - just the .htaccess file."
eng	positive	"@dowsingforsound @alex_elbro @camideasfest @ADFofficial @CambLiveTrust Saw ADF at WOMAD Gran Canaria yrs ago. Best gig ever! Crazy times :)"
eng	positive	"@JakeSwope have a nice day at work today and tmrw and after that  :)"
eng	positive	"When your twist out is defined as hell and you feel like youve made a break through..... :) #teamnatural"
eng	positive	"@AshDawson147 I will. You too huni :) xx"
eng	positive	"@iCupcake_Mafai Hi! Would you like an @imPastel concert? Let me know your city and country and I'll start working on it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@vtothepowerof2 you're actually going?!? :D yayayayay It's gonna be my first YT convention too &lt;3"
eng	positive	"Sure mate i will don't worry :D thanks! https://t.co/H5bWUM9S3u"
eng	positive	"Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :) http://t.co/rSAOyu7Vzu"
eng	positive	"It's a v nice day. What happened was surreal :)"
eng	positive	"@2015Geetanjali Well done, it's good to get thing out of the way :-))"
eng	positive	"@Mishkapants Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"love love love  :)"
eng	positive	"@JaneFrankland you bet! Planning a secret baby shower for Chloe! I can say it here because she barely knows what a computer is :D!"
eng	positive	"bday in 6 days :D"
eng	positive	"@DatKidScotty check her youtube link you might like it. @jallossery another person trying to live the dream :)"
eng	positive	"See you in Brighton @thenitinsawhney Last year our wedding anniversary, this year our birthdays. Your timing is impeccable :)"
eng	positive	"i fucking slayed him of :)"
eng	positive	"I've been so happy lately :)))))"
eng	positive	"I love the nickname babygirl :)"
eng	positive	"!! Quick notice regarding requests. Our DM is now open for people to request moments/ideas for tweets, thank you :) http://t.co/joEpeCsq29"
eng	positive	"@affan24 hahaha are u serious? Himmat karain aur moo pay baat karain :) U won't believe meri debates abu k cousins k sath hotee-my uncles!😂"
eng	positive	"@PaulBousty thanks :)"
eng	positive	"The eyes of men speak words the tongue cannot pronounce. Native American proverb :)"
eng	positive	"Bonding with my lovable girl in my life :) &lt;3 Yesha Montoya"
eng	positive	"@1017nelle aww bestfriend look at you :)"
eng	positive	"@acasorguk PICK ME PLEASE! :) http://t.co/2Kjd6ACp1S"
eng	positive	"@jsonyoung thanks for all your support :)"
eng	positive	"@JabongIndia ready and eagerly waiting for the next question. bring it on :) #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede"
eng	positive	"Spotify saves the day during traffic :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday Everyone :-) http://t.co/MgaVjyNjEZ"
eng	positive	"@Twytterina indeed! :)"
eng	positive	"@Shaina_Jade We've received payment and your order is being processed :) Thanks for shopping with Spree!"
eng	positive	"@nasirjkhattak This supreme court can even give a decision that sunny Leon is virgin :p"
eng	positive	"@NoakseyV1 @david_statter @DHGFMadson @saikocat @HIDEO_KOJIMA_EN @drewdixon82 @ghrowe Cheers! :)"
eng	positive	"@cyrenity I know he is, only saying what I know :)"
eng	positive	"@hclcampbell Amazing! Glad to hear we could make your Friday morning a little better :-) ^KS"
eng	positive	"So @gwatsky had a fantastic show! And I already want to buy tickets to another concert.:D"
eng	positive	"Photo: randy9bis: Beautiful physique, shaved, uncut, and a tattoo: sexy boi !  :-) http://t.co/XcWxo5jVVY"
eng	positive	"Who does the cheapest printing in the world? Looking for a regular printer in countries close to NZ or Ireland, or drop ship printers :)"
eng	positive	"@BotchFrivarg @SusanYura and a me hiding behind his large format camera :-)"
eng	positive	"@ThatGuyBarney Thank you :D"
eng	positive	"Have a blessed Friday everyone!:)))"
eng	positive	"@ark_yujin96 i'm replying your mention :p"
eng	positive	"I got my half day and I'm 10/10 excited for senior year :-)"
eng	positive	"@StreamRaids do u raid in a good way? :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/4UgujEyLOC."
eng	positive	"I am going back to England today so I'll turn off my phone to conserve battery so everyone have a good day :)"
eng	positive	"@KristiWhitetx So sweet. :)"
eng	positive	"@NabeehaEjazGeo Home is where we should feel secure and comfortable. :)"
eng	positive	"Goodnight guys :)"
eng	positive	"@SullensScarlett thanks for tweeting about me :)"
eng	positive	"ALLAH swt always has 3 replies to our prayers.  1. Yes. 2. Yes, but not now. 3. I have a better plan for you. There’s never a No :) #غردلي"
eng	positive	"@c2c_Rail Only because it's Friday....:D"
eng	positive	"@TeamLaws01 yes of course, pop an email to reservations@sandsbeach.eu with your dates and we'll get right back to you :)"
eng	positive	"@elizabethrosexx Great to hear! We are glad that we could help :) #localgaragederby"
eng	positive	"@wndyRVel_ Thanks wendy! Let's be friend yaa :)"
eng	positive	""@yettygeers: in good and in bad days, God is with us :-) http://t.co/XvFUG4ig4T""
eng	positive	"@MoominCapote Yayy! Good work - can't wait to have you on campus! :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 3 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/s1O8yCoO68."
eng	positive	"Hey guys! I'll be live in 30 mins! Do you want to do some fun low ranked games or subgames or faceit today? :)... http://t.co/e4H5iMXzMH"
eng	positive	"@luminousljp WAIT WHATS HIS SNPCAHT if you don't mind me asking :-)"
eng	positive	"Okay well when I hit 100 subscribers I'll put up a Logo Giveaway, two of them. https://t.co/UB7DTtUo9G New Channel. :D"
eng	positive	"don't cry hakhakhak :))"@ksdahyun: T_____________T https://t.co/KKbgfmYEgO""
eng	positive	"Didn't know Kyungsoo's into animated movies too! Inside Out is a nice 3D animated movie :)"
eng	positive	"Just viewed a property. Agent said 'the kitchen needs attention'  I like an accurate description :-) http://t.co/kgXuYb6diH"
eng	positive	"@Leehi_xx yes it is : )"
eng	positive	"It doesn't affect my theory at all but I'll update the vid tomorrow just so it's made clear :)"
eng	positive	"Who Wouldn't Love These Big....Juicy....Selfies :) http://t.co/AhgSF3iyCk http://t.co/pS0OmLZMPc"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x4"
eng	positive	"@ijonghyvn follback :)"
eng	positive	"sorry nic! dont ya worry i surrender :) @jeonkookswife"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/4QiS2e3DaM."
eng	positive	"Look what i caught! :) http://t.co/jm7k6cs7XD #retweet #marine #fish #underwater #sea #ocean"
eng	positive	"@zbeech That will be £15.90 for you  :-)"
eng	positive	"Your garden is stunning even in the rain Yvette :) https://t.co/p4zoflIOdf"
eng	positive	"@plasmov Love your author pic on the MWF programme! You're going to rock it :)"
eng	positive	"Taal lake I love.:) Philippines http://t.co/Efm3XPfjZF #retweet"
eng	positive	"See you on monday 2EMT!!! :)"
eng	positive	"«--"@YoKoKuali: I :)"@Kreizi_: Who wants a #FF S/O??"""
eng	positive	"@novi9nueve no I'm not :)"
eng	positive	"Scurri - the most agile #shipping solution available on the market.  Book a free demo at http://t.co/AybllZWAqF :-)  #retail #delivery #SME"
eng	positive	"@Monomarchos dead :D"
eng	positive	"@TheYingster You're welcome. :)"
eng	positive	"@Omar_Omark thanks omar :)"
eng	positive	"@GAMEdigital I've pre ordered R.O.B and game and watch :)"
eng	positive	"@kamaalrkhan India has 2 biggest losers..... Kamaal R Khan and ..... amm wait .. nobody is near as big loser u r .. :D"
eng	positive	"Busy/early day tomorrow and it's 3am :)"
eng	positive	"Collection..:) http://t.co/q6s9MrnVXd #retweet"
eng	positive	"@NeuroDiverseAU hey buddy.  Thinking of you.  Don't do anything I wouldn't :)"
eng	positive	"#ff HopeHouseKids PitmanTraining WalkerSmithWay let's try to #keepitlocal :)"
eng	positive	"@arizonacoffee It's here to stay :)"
eng	positive	"i beat sehun :-)"
eng	positive	"Great start #SE100Leaders @hiSbe_Food , shining a light on doing good in business :) @LabelledShop"
eng	positive	"@_Rossaholic thank you, Donna! 😊 it was uneventful but fine. :)"
eng	positive	"@demissexuaI yeah you're right, she's perfect. Let's pretend the video, song or anything else she makes doesn't suck :)"
eng	positive	"@aaronbethunee I'm sofa surfing :) cunt"
eng	positive	"Best Burger so far!do you agree? :) http://t.co/QBV9uXGdKV #retweet #food #burger"
eng	positive	"Thank you for the retweets @pbfurnitureltd and @Alipink27 :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/knhEHfUJRs."
eng	positive	"But if i ever let you down. forgive me :)"
eng	positive	"@GalagansIsland @Gamerboss Pretty amazing!  What the hell was I doing @ 13, oh yeah playing video games. :)"
eng	positive	"I'm doing an unfollow spree of my account fave this tweet and I won't unfollow you :)"
eng	positive	"Good morning. Thank YOU ALL for RTs, follows, mentions, favorites, convos, #sharing &amp; rescoops! Keep UP the GOOD work &amp; have a GREAT day :)"
eng	positive	"I love multiracial couples, they're like a royal fk you to the narrow minded assholes walking this planet :)"
eng	positive	"@BRose_24 haha I feel you. Maybe that's why I do it :D"
eng	positive	"@SK_Freakeh Which type of warlock is it? :)"
eng	positive	""@KatiiiRocks: @Miangeorges are u a beautiful man? :D"Yeah ! Sometimes."
eng	positive	"Hi all my faithful followers :) I'm having a lovely night &lt;3 ;*!"
eng	positive	"@Aavak_ thank you :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday :) @mixbad"
eng	positive	"@davedhjones @IMcMillan Love it! :-)"
eng	positive	"Hot Air Balloon Festival! :) http://t.co/xKM797Hj60 #retweet"
eng	positive	"@dunkindonutsnjh thank you lovely :D"
eng	positive	"@macauleyBoath always looking at new countries to add to our growing list. I'll pass on your feedback :-) &gt;MJ"
eng	positive	"My body still hurts af. Just got home :)"
eng	positive	"#Tracerequest _ Good for you Selena :)"
eng	positive	"Something for the weekend? Here's your body weight workout of the week :) http://t.co/fB4z8atLS0"
eng	positive	"@broadviewpress maybe an issue on my end. Sure I'll shoot an email right away. :)"
eng	positive	"Hi I'm Madison, I'm 13 not supposed to have twitter, but this is for my family :) @RyanSeacrest #BeOnKnockKnock http://t.co/8DBynqLZKw"
eng	positive	"@protectyrbubble thanks, sent it now :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/abegLVNXBO."
eng	positive	"@KanzaSohail98 im not your FAN -_- :p"
eng	positive	"@taufik_toda we made our final design please check that out :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@RosaldoFederico Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"Apparently we are getting internet on Monday guys but there is a new video going up tomorrow anyway :)"
eng	positive	"Loving "the buy one get one tree" idea :) @pieminister @TemwaUK"
eng	positive	"Look what i caught!:) http://t.co/pxBRjFPuYu #retweet"
eng	positive	"@Tarann97 its Friday :)"
eng	positive	"Con-Graduation Gents! :) CC @EastsideFlip @the_managers59 @dalysoharris @dumisani371."
eng	positive	"Sweet tooth! :) http://t.co/47xACbrmCc #retweet #icecream #food"
eng	positive	"@itssssalmaaaa12 I like you !    as a friend :))"
eng	positive	"@_mean_ her bitchface was perfect :D"
eng	positive	"@flowercrownliam apparently I'm still at DM limit 😒 I'm not in DM LIMIT on @twerkgodpayno tho :)))"
eng	positive	"@PurplePRFashion Who can we send some free, #organic #coffee to :) ?"
eng	positive	"Morning Everyone,  We're open from 12pm every day until Sunday now :)   Hello Weekend, come say 'how do you do?' x http://t.co/PTZfvCIUa9"
eng	positive	"@BeanssGilly @_kyle__86 thank you, you too! :)"
eng	positive	"@GSwinburn Please use your York Residents card which are available from @YorkLibrariesUK. Nearest to us is Central Library off Lendal :)"
eng	positive	"#FollowFriday Thank you @TimModise @LifeWithThami @Mkokstad for being top influencers in my community this week :-)"
eng	positive	"@TomRPI @CatherineLW98  we got it working Tom; well done for doing it all yourself :D"
eng	positive	"@rurimofu Go Catch all members  PikAmi is Captured :D"
eng	positive	"Fulton John Sheen Baloney is the unvarnished lie laid on so thick you hate it. Blarney is flattery laid on so thin you love it. :-)"
eng	positive	"@SachinKalbag Ah Sachin, why do you bring up unimportant stuff like context and dampen @saliltripathi 's excitement! :-)"
eng	positive	"#ff to all my followers let's try to #keepitlocal :)"
eng	positive	"@teen_emma @Br1stler @jeweleyegoddess @CaraToyne @CaraandSam especially you :D hehe she might show you her fish too"
eng	positive	"@sophiewalts are yu comparing #bellybuttons.? :-)"
eng	positive	"Let's stream Rocket League part 1 :D: http://t.co/acoLyBFYkn via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"@Cvrlzzz your welcome :)"
eng	positive	"Google has made Narendra Modi really very sad about Imran Khan not becoming Prime Minister. :p"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter u look angel in this one @PallaviRuhail :) #FlipkartFashionFriday http://t.co/aT0iSMP0XI"
eng	positive	"@w1bble Aaaaaand that just went to the team's WhatsApp group. :)"
eng	positive	"@paulbeaton720 Looking good! Let us know what you think when you've tried them :)"
eng	positive	"@macauleyBoath Hi Macauley, Mexico sounds lovely :-) We don't have any plans to add new countries at the moment, however we're..."
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x3"
eng	positive	"@JaredLeto Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen?!?!?! :D"
eng	positive	"@Saskia_TeamLH44 Thanks baby girl. You too!! :) xx"
eng	positive	"@BabyGreenHayes thank you good luck :)"
eng	positive	"Heechul Oppa :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"FREE slice of toast with every large coffee-weekdays 9-11.30 :) just ask us for the offer :) @UltimateOutdoor http://t.co/jOWzpjgik7"
eng	positive	"@voice_kyohei Oh, I am still stuck on some island ... :D need to learn how to sail my ship faster ,,, :D"
eng	positive	"#Friday's here!!  Give us a call today for all your #commercial and #farm insurance requirements :)  #HappyFriday #LookForTheO"
eng	positive	"follow me to stay updated :-) http://t.co/EO64j939Kv"
eng	positive	"@Kelyias Oh! Happy to hear about this :) Have a lovely day! ^CL"
eng	positive	"@MKBHD @YouTube it keeps better and better every update :)"
eng	positive	"@velvetpIant It's NEVER a bad time for a bath, if you have us Rubber Ducks with you! :-) #quacketyquack"
eng	positive	"@MekObien where art thou?! :))"
eng	positive	"@cumminiall me too :))"
eng	positive	"Just got home!:)))"
eng	positive	"@remylauren Im hopefully home in April for a few weeks :):):)"
eng	positive	"Flying panda at Airforce City, Clark Field Pampanga Hot Air Balloon Festival!:) http://t.co/oi7X2seSGi #retweet #cute #hotairballoon"
eng	positive	"@BrilliantMaps @muayfarang555 ...yep...proud to be a troll!..:)"
eng	positive	"@OBeeTeam 😘 ⚡your blog  http://t.co/TkF5AeXfRI totally rocks :D 👏 👏 👏"
eng	positive	"New video this week :) Updated Face &amp; Brows Routine (Oily Skin) - maricarljanah https://t.co/NZQGXJ6mIL via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"@neomeruru because....your cup is empty? :D"
eng	positive	"Come fly with me baby! :) http://t.co/JjmrvobLZl #retweet #marine #navy #Airforce #battlefield"
eng	positive	"@markbowthai @twomeanyoung it's 6:15pm rn!! And it's currently 70 degrees Fahrenheit!! Which is really warm so it's good :)"
eng	positive	"Havent been tweeting in years, I kinda miss it :)"
eng	positive	"@Janaan_tia WHAT! Yum :D"
eng	positive	"Collection..:) http://t.co/TWLbiIbhUe #retweet"
eng	positive	"When your bestfriend has nice friends. :)) http://t.co/J0Kohuy537"
eng	positive	"🍸╲──╱🍤╭╮╭╮┓┓╭╮╮┳╭🍸╲──╱🍤 🍤─╲╱─🍸┣╱╰╯┗┗╰╯╰┻╯🍤─╲╱─🍸@yolkarjoma Big Love and hugs for you Babe! :) http://t.co/TBiNpwy83k"
eng	positive	"Isn't this place so peaceful and relaxing..:) http://t.co/LfC9t3SGPX #retweet"
eng	positive	"@EoleTrading Right on, then :)"
eng	positive	"@Ktens Usually just a high stool with three kids waiting for me to topple over. :D @Rekhakakkar @vindee"
eng	positive	"I love you, Coco folks! We can do this :)"
eng	positive	"@Essjayleam and for the retweet!! :)"
eng	positive	"@StephanieAlys That's great Stephanie! Good luck with your training :) #findyourfit"
eng	positive	"@friendsofderek @Outpost_Skaro My preferred term is "whomosexual", but otherwise that sounds like a plan. :-)"
eng	positive	"Last orders for 2015 in by 31st July  please :-)"
eng	positive	"AuG I'm super packed. But however, I rather to have things to do rather then work and home :)"
eng	positive	"Summer style! Stack up those Pandora rings, ladies :-) Which of these rings is your favourite? http://t.co/e6r9dhQBC7"
eng	positive	"@taylorswift13 @Caradelevingne @halstonsage @natandalex I CANT WAIT :)"
eng	positive	"Great to attend #DigitalExeter last night and hear some interesting talks on #DigitalMarketing and #SociaMedia :-)"
eng	positive	"@pinKixX44 congrats pink! :)"
eng	positive	"@AndyCCochrane I hope you're enjoying your ride Andy. :) ^NB"
eng	positive	"Bom dia a todos!!!! / Good morning all!!!! :)"
eng	positive	"@BookendsBinEnds thank you for following too. I will certainly have a look :)"
eng	positive	"When #forklift and #warehouse workers get that #FridayFeeling :-)   http://t.co/iz4sgPsdcW http://t.co/CXP98cEdnl"
eng	positive	"@voteforbabe go first on @/LSceens and I'll give extras, tweet when done :)"
eng	positive	"Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you..  Gandhi :)"
eng	positive	"@harribungay Welcome to pop heaven. We're glad you're enjoying it! :)"
eng	positive	"Shout out to Grassy :-)"
eng	positive	"#FF to @TashaFairybro @dorkfaceblog @BeckyBedbug @SaidByAlisha @_OliviaJadexo @UnderToWonder @fineanddandy &lt;3 these ladies! :)"
eng	positive	"Photo: feetblog101: :) http://t.co/6ZcJeWCqro"
eng	positive	"Photo: feetblog101: :) http://t.co/fN0ojENcCm"
eng	positive	"Dare I say that there is a video of me on our About Page - http://t.co/1nXM8mxmbu - talking infrared heating :-)"
eng	positive	"@ICTDSeSafety Its on my to do list, just about to board so see you in a couple of weeks :-)"
eng	positive	"#FF to these fab peeps :) @baby2body @sarahs_scribble @babysleepexpert @mybabatweets @Zita_West @TendreDeal @BoboBuddies @kerryjeanlister"
eng	positive	"@burnyourbones 1 daughter-4yrs old-porridge fiend :-) do you?"
eng	positive	"@Yorkshireccc @YCCCDizzy Have a good match 2nite boys - lets go out of this comp on a high and just enjoy it! :) #vikings #T20Blast"
eng	positive	"@catisbetter666 thanks :)"
eng	positive	"welcome Np :) Thats quite same problem i was having. i am now just bothered to pay more taxes of same name on different bills  @godfatheriv"
eng	positive	"@CG_Rated cant see any feets :p http://t.co/3xBhH5tVLr"
eng	positive	"@aliendovecote oooooooooohh! i just saw your #PetJam! i've been toying with a virtual pet game idea for weeks! now i will pounce!! :D"
eng	positive	"What's the best part about signing Benteke? That he won't play for United or chelsea :p"
eng	positive	"@agnieszka007 Hi Agnes, please email socialmedia@dpdgroup.co.uk :) [Sam]"
eng	positive	"@Th0tiana_ fruity vodkas always help : )"
eng	positive	"My phone does this really cool thing, that it tells me I have a text, 5 minutes after I really got the text :-))))"
eng	positive	"@japneetsingh39 @Olacabs @jungleecom #sellyourcarin5words #chaloNiklo #SellYourCarIn5Words #ChaloNiklo :) pic.twitter.com/jXZ2LBV6O"
eng	positive	"I really think I'm gonna get one of those Kindle Paperwhite's this pay. I really want to start reading more. Want that "laser-like" focus :)"
eng	positive	"My ghost #bae :D #love  #TagsForLikesApp #instagood #me #smile #follow #cute #photooftheday #tbt… https://t.co/KLSHoO7UgP"
eng	positive	"@MusicMetrop @LostInMuzic @karenak @MosesMo @chrisdrunkpoets thanks for the shout out guys much appreciated :)"
eng	positive	"@BeingManisha u tho Too Gud in trending (y) :) !! #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"@Narrys_Badass i mean, its already a dream come true You notice me so thats enough :))))"
eng	positive	"We like... :-) NEW Blue Point Snap On Socket Set Spanners Ebay ad here --&gt; http://t.co/M0TB1ggAU9 http://t.co/5XoWOPFbmZ"
eng	positive	"Waiting patiently for mr. crush :) but first, let me go to sleep 😴"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday @TobiWanDOTA ! Never forget. :) #pglcsgo https://t.co/qM8J919s8x"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3 x2"
eng	positive	"@_pearlyyy well, kind of :) I still read it if the author is my favorite,otherwise,I tend to not read them, that's why I crave for more fics"
eng	positive	"@dvntownsend I thought that you wanted to take  it slower for while.. :D very glad though"
eng	positive	"@Arean91 @robinashe The Asian SJW, trying not to cry...:D"
eng	positive	"#cakehamper baskets have arrived :) Best gonna be busy 2 get the finished products ready for you all to see #excited http://t.co/1jbVpcfnXB"
eng	positive	"@flowerxmouth awh good :) why is he hated though? Haha."
eng	positive	"@WoahMitchel thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@CocoaBrownTan @FuschiaEffect I'm glowing this morning! Yayyyy :))) happy Friday! Xx"
eng	positive	"@ErnestMnisi @stuhlinho  Hello :), the original new mercedes hood badge http://t.co/EZp6TqdWor"
eng	positive	"@mediatemple I'd love you to add my @mediatemple hosted site to your blog :) Please. All about my drone videos etc http://t.co/R6B1MIutgJ"
eng	positive	"Next week we're blowing up chocolate :D"
eng	positive	"Aww, yay I'm in the "Not Hated Group" and I promise u if u ignore the haters and not retaliate it'll get better :) https://t.co/4A6FPOTIlv"
eng	positive	"Here's Wishing a Very Happy Birthday to Doug Bollinger. He turns 34 today.. :) Play Now: http://t.co/FDdN2y2Ghk http://t.co/Nh0NNiXu1I"
eng	positive	"Where's the time going?! ONLY 40 days to go &amp; sooo much to do!! Not enough days in the week :p #goodmorning http://t.co/4NPwOGr9QL"
eng	positive	""@yettygeers: God has a plan for us - a plan needs a planning/timing - believe as you know He is faithful :-) http://t.co/y3AV5khhim""
eng	positive	"Congrats to all of us ! :D https://t.co/qZm1Hbxtha"
eng	positive	"@SydneysMedia @Zampakid @darcy2981 I very much doubt that anything will change at Seven News anytime soon either but I can dream, right? :)"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber i love u :)"
eng	positive	"@txqiuddin have fun boy!! :D"
eng	positive	"@jackgilinsky You are #3 in Denmark! :D http://t.co/VAeFCWhQfc"
eng	positive	"The view the night before my birthday will do me just fine :)))"
eng	positive	"@_bushraaaaaa So tell me how it is that Whitey and his culture rules the world? :)"
eng	positive	"@pattiemallette of coursee :)"
eng	positive	"Hi sunshine :)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/iRH0F3yvXU."
eng	positive	"@mikecoulson48 @IanMountain06 @PaulHowsley @NYorksSocialist @grumpyboy @KrustyAllslopp  :) Cheers Mike"
eng	positive	"Just Completed YouTube intro. :) Excited, Intro full of graphics #graphicdesign #videographer #Youtuber"
eng	positive	"@lindseytsutsui AWW BUT ITS OK CUZ WE MAKE MISTAKES TOO :)"
eng	positive	"Life itself cannot give you joy unless you really will it. Life just gives you time and space. Its up to you to fill it. :)"
eng	positive	"Just finished Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, now onto Bogus Journey :D"
eng	positive	"1000 VIEWS THANKS :-)"
eng	positive	"@C4ndiru Hahahaaah.  Owly said knock you out momma said.. :)"
eng	positive	"good afternon,, :)"
eng	positive	"@leebattrick @OldManMyke @Joel__Henry @gregpiskosz @wakeofgodzilla ha ha im actually happy with pick :)"
eng	positive	"Great News :) https://t.co/hcqgiRuZ0X"
eng	positive	"@sltuan96 there will be next event on September :D"
eng	positive	"@otraclace i don't live in a city but I live near whangarei :)"
eng	positive	"@vickiGB215 yes! I appreciate his smile :D http://t.co/R8zhRUjCI0"
eng	positive	"Hey folks I never use this account so if you've just added me, add me on my main account :) Katie Nicholas"
eng	positive	"@nongardener Thank you Pauline! :)"
eng	positive	"Child traffickers getting more daring these days.  However their spelling gets worse :-) http://t.co/QTXo1fMXkE"
eng	positive	"@TheSwapFiles thanks :) @swap002"
eng	positive	"@BBCRadio3 Hence the expression: wot a racket!?! Maybe? :p"
eng	positive	"@Lisa_Maltby Thanks too for your follow + kind words :D Likewise for yours, hand-lettering is a real art"
eng	positive	"@DirtyJasen I shall do :D I shall shout it from the roof tops of social media :p"
eng	positive	"Thank you guys. Now I have a plan for tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"@antinezushi tbh i dont know yet they havent told us very much but i will get back to u :-)"
eng	positive	"@clarkkrm the only thing that's been stopping me is my weight but I'm sure if I ease myself into it it'll be fine :)"
eng	positive	"@Dutts1981 (2/2) call before you visit to double check :) http://t.co/D7zK1MWgh3 Thanks, Beth"
eng	positive	"@CranksFood I love Sour Dough for a treat :)"
eng	positive	"Text me or hit the dms... Lol :)"
eng	positive	"@Im_bharathi I got it. :)"
eng	positive	"@fergieweather thanks mate, much appreciated :-)"
eng	positive	"@Orlando_Pirates  good luck ;)  wait you in egypt :D"
eng	positive	"@wckdmalum thank you! :) I just hope it's not too hard ! and how are you ?"
eng	positive	"@JMaKiwi ...kinda explains why you you married hubby :-)"
eng	positive	"@laurentzwalker @BoykinsD1 I love being mixed :-)"
eng	positive	"@_sunshinehoran_ HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)"
eng	positive	"@kapucumerve sakin ol :)"
eng	positive	"Six Months to Christmas :-)"
eng	positive	"Thank you @Essex_Wiganer :)"
eng	positive	"@suthodan @zerotackle I take u wrote it :p"
eng	positive	"glad you &lt;3 it :) @Skythedeath"
eng	positive	"@ChrisChivers2 nice word :)"
eng	positive	"@AvrilLavigne U r so brave n strong avril so never give up n keep smiling :)"
eng	positive	"I'm thinking garden party :)... #N04JS Buy 6 bottles of wine save 25%!! @chrisyamahar201 @sainsburys #prosecco http://t.co/M3kvcw24N7"
eng	positive	"@JannikMarioFan Pech! :D"
eng	positive	"Micro Bikinis Are Stunning For These Reasons :) - http://t.co/BDTwWzO4Mz http://t.co/OkBaE4j2x4"
eng	positive	"@rellypops couldn't message it... It's on my feed (and catsPJs) :)"
eng	positive	"@miabellasesso Have fun, gal :)  I'm going to try to go to sleep, lol.  4:15 here!!"
eng	positive	"@chigginjones @shinybluedress @Sunnyclaribel Morning :-)))"
eng	positive	"@Anbu002 @Pranto_ahp Hey guys! We know about this request and our product team are already considering this :)"
eng	positive	"@arsenalnewsasit :) Thanks, wishing you back also. #LazyWeekend"
eng	positive	"@Reckless_Yuki thanks -- Working on it! We are way overdue. Literally updating them right now. Mice are updated :D"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/sYorWFentu."
eng	positive	"💃💃💃"@Boitumelo_SA: @Roooosta happy birthday to you too! Let the joys never end :D""
eng	positive	"@D33PAK done :)"
eng	positive	"Good morning! : ) http://t.co/mz5RDS96U9"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/zybHHnSkwl."
eng	positive	"Bout to lay down and watch Jurassic World with @TaylerBrayden!! Love our little movie nights :) 💕"
eng	positive	"@lhiz001 ito ding latest full album.. 4th full album :) last full album nila is Wave @0129anne @d_lawbreaker"
eng	positive	"@teenageblackout hi can I dm you about something? It will be quick :)"
eng	positive	"hot cosplayers: :) hot cosplayers that kiss in ur fav pairing: 8)"
eng	positive	"@VegPlotPeach Unfortunately we don't I'm sorry to say! Thrilled to hear that you love the sound of our products.. &amp; they smell amazing :)"
eng	positive	"I ATE YOUR LAST COOKIE SHIR0 &gt;:D"
eng	positive	"Final few days in #Hale #Cheshire, got some lovely before and after shots which I'll be sharing tomorrow. Call to book #decorating :)"
eng	positive	"@wendyxRV1 followed :)"
eng	positive	"@notch Lemme know if you ever want any more recs. Likewise, I'm always open to expanding my inaccessible music library :D"
eng	positive	"@jcpena26 ingat din man godbless! :)))))"
eng	positive	""@fireddestiny21: #PSYGustoKita I'm a huge fan of Latin beauties :-) and QUEEN KATH is the ASIAN Latin version :-) http://t.co/gYBoDpALTi""
eng	positive	"@TacticalWolfie Lovely. :D"
eng	positive	"Hello @davidpring91, we hope to see you in @SkyFallHove soon. Have a great day. :) https://t.co/px6oSSKCTL"
eng	positive	"@monolifemusic @DJANORAK I'm getting there! It's been super slow because of the move. Definitely want a Mono Life remix when it's done :-))"
eng	positive	"@Nezhira  Happy birthday :D"
eng	positive	"@SquadKathNiels @bernardokath gO kathryn! I will never let you down. :)"
eng	positive	"@_Sampath @gnanodayam @wtfex I did not mean literally sir :-) JR developed properties along their HSR lines to create user base"
eng	positive	"@streamlinefituk Oh yeah that is one major #sugarrush :-))"
eng	positive	"@carmendarlene knitting and music! Music (quite bit new to my collection if not ears) is probably partly why I’m still awake. I binge :)"
eng	positive	"Homegirl nancy :p https://t.co/n8M0xwjELc"
eng	positive	"@FENNIBU Hello Fenja! Great to have you following :)"
eng	positive	"@Insane_chorri don't worry, aapke benchmarks ke hisaab se already hit ho gaya hai :D"
eng	positive	"@Bacon_is_life @marcin360 same here, ofc .. I am glad it influenced so many other to create so many awesome RTSs :) Cheers"
eng	positive	"@ssxngji good luck for you too! Secret hwaiting! :)"
eng	positive	"@Dodi_Behiri congrats :) exciting"
eng	positive	"@MrStuchbery @AllSaintsFulham thanks :-)"
eng	positive	"Titanfall Friday tonight followed by possible Xbox Saturday,then the ultimate Xbox Sunday!! Yay! :)"
eng	positive	"An experiment in gastronomy.... :))) #NewBlogPost #FoodieFridays Foodie Fridays: Yoghurt pancakes… https://t.co/3eR4q9kmK5"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @fetsha85"
eng	positive	"@Worth_The_CHASE hope you had a good day :)"
eng	positive	"Sabah sabah kapima gelen guzel bir hediye :) Thanx for this wonderful present my honey 💞😘 http://t.co/GPkMjrrh7X"
eng	positive	"day off tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"@photopitchicks do u have instagram? So that I can tag you :)"
eng	positive	"@DoorMatt3 it would come through email. You can also purchase visas in store  :-) ^Parisa"
eng	positive	"think i just had the best epiphany of my life :D"
eng	positive	"Head Needed urgently ... pls apply within! :-)"
eng	positive	"@Wa_NDIA @bintiM You guysss! It was LIT :D"
eng	positive	"Hi BAM ! @BarsAndMelody  Can you follow my bestfriend @969Horan696 ?  She loves you a lot :)  See you in Warsaw &lt;3  Love you &lt;3"
eng	positive	"Nothing like a little team photo on a Thursday @ENTIQ all smiles even @JoeGardiner5 :) http://t.co/0yeacg6r5p"
eng	positive	"@MrRyanSampson Ryan are you going to the EM-CON I swore I saw something with you on it saying for next year? sorry if im wrong! :D"
eng	positive	"@MartinaGamb see yaaaah! :D"
eng	positive	"@alanscottwoods Thanks for the heads up, but no ear defenders we're ready to listen :) (btw if you're calling on a mobile use 0330 333 7234)"
eng	positive	"@mattbarker14 able to pick these up from a number of retailers that stock our products :)"
eng	positive	"@AppleMusic nice tweet :) just followed you"
eng	positive	"#KianWeAreProud so proud of you :) love you so much 💜"
eng	positive	"ThanQ @ArtieCraftie @craftsbyannie have a gooday! #ff :)"
eng	positive	"Today has so far been spent trying to read my emails without getting distracted by all the #dayofarch tweets. So far i've failed :)"
eng	positive	"@KayOh_Official finally 10-20 people came to know about me changing my @ :D"
eng	positive	"@JYGClub thanks admin :)"
eng	positive	"@gurmeetramrahim #OurDaughtersOurPride great bapu u r best coach ji :)"
eng	positive	"Snapchat me guys - IvyPowel19 #snapchat #kik #chat #xxx #kikmeboys #newmusic #sexchat :) http://t.co/zhvSuU4H8M"
eng	positive	"HAPPY BDAY Queen @EmilyBett can't wait to see more of my fav IT girl this season  :) you're a real inspiration ILY http://t.co/s2aTIZNpFn"
eng	positive	"@lovemybooksUK It's such a good idea to share excellent book titles! What would we do without them all? Keep up the good work :)"
eng	positive	"🍅: you're funny and nice :)"
eng	positive	"I was talking about radio which already happened :) and the tweet was made like a week ago you fucking freak  https://t.co/NrrUOlBKGN"
eng	positive	"@BrentpCarey @Uber @GelatoMessina Yay I got free ice cream today from Uber as well, Incredible! loved it haha :)"
eng	positive	"Off to meet the Skills part of the business today to see how we can create some amazing pathways for young people beyond @NCSIngeus  :)"
eng	positive	"@Anthonyilott21 Wrong Turn 6 it was amazing movie bro :))"
eng	positive	"@sheelanagig Most of our team are on site now and are ready for some Balkan Gypsy Folk Festival Mayhem :)  @WOMADCHARLTONPK"
eng	positive	"@traveldudes Try burek (with meat) or gibanica (cheese pie) for breakfast :)"
eng	positive	"I regret nothing :)"
eng	positive	"@HillsongConf Hi! What time are things likely to wrap up tonight? Gotta figure out how to get back to Surrey afterwards! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Breads are out of the oven :-) we see you around 10.30 at @One_New_Change :-) http://t.co/atppptBxO5"
eng	positive	"@_bleh09 interesting. I've never heard of it before. Reading Temporal Void atm. To stem my SF needs :)"
eng	positive	"YKR SPARKY 40mm, 3.5 grs ROCKFISHING, topwater New model 2015, GO! :) http://t.co/RogYUpnp70"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/vQVoUm139L."
eng	positive	"Please comment on what you think of what I wrote so far in the twitlonger :)"
eng	positive	"@TheTideNL I'm not Rude! I just saying it doesn't help.. Just not for me.So it might not help for others tho. But it's a good idea :)"
eng	positive	"@EmmaEK I'm looking forward to reading them :)"
eng	positive	"If u ask me if whats on my mind?  I answer? You :D"
eng	positive	"Jummah Mubarik to all Recite Durood e Pak as much as you can Thank You :)"
eng	positive	"Two comes after one. Lessons once you learn make you realize how tough life can get. But nothing lasts forever. Not a thing. Ever. Lasts! :)"
eng	positive	"@proudtobangkiki thanks :) #CJRadaCOMATEada"
eng	positive	"@HorseDoctorLol Great video, you made some really good points :) I'm kinda suprised I haven't heard about u before"
eng	positive	"@tzuyuchoux hope your debut will be success :)"
eng	positive	"@IncreaseEnergy Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"So happy rn :D @Vrixol @InFaArmy @InFaMonstah"
eng	positive	"@SonokHakan thanks for connecting! I hope you enjoy my tweets and writing at 'ear 'ear http://t.co/mxWnCmj1jL #BeBraveToday :)"
eng	positive	"So dear fandoms and shippers, lets set aside our differences and HELP THE HOUSEMATES WIN THEIR WEEKLY TASK :) #PBB737BigatingConcert"
eng	positive	".@1234Mania #jedzjabłka or #pijjabłka - whatever :) This article re Polish cider by @AB_Chapman is a #MustRead anyway @nawacki @TheEconomist"
eng	positive	"@bel_pearson Cricket World Cup, Asian cup state of origin... now this?! Wow Matt is a lucky boy :-) have fun!"
eng	positive	"@oktrdt hey please do check our final design :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@BittenOxford neither had I. I looked on my rain app :)"
eng	positive	"@btsmaqnae followed :)"
eng	positive	"@sleepingbear24 true that. Stay up  beautiful :)"
eng	positive	"@avonfvcks #NotAnApology PLEASE PICK ME :-)"
eng	positive	"@davefspringbank thanks Dave lovely day thanks to lovely family and friends. How did I miss that! Congratulations :-)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday Everyone! I'm here until 5pm to answer all of your queries. Have a great day :) Abby."
eng	positive	"I like your style sumedh ..  @Beatking_Sumedh :)"
eng	positive	"@ReemaBehl @FeminaIndia Which is what I said in my next tweet. The second part of this tweet :)"
eng	positive	"Smile. Its sunnah :)  #غردلي #عن  http://t.co/R7wAe3ujbQ"
eng	positive	"@TimeToBeAnAdult Do you (or anyone in your family) do quad biking Carrie? :)"
eng	positive	"hi i have a question. What's it like being a useless member of society? :) love u xoxo @carterreynolds"
eng	positive	"I'm finding its one of those days already! Hoping it gets better quickly :)"
eng	positive	"@aspenrage @jasmineneupane @jyotsnanepal i appreciate your propriety. :-)"
eng	positive	"@CharlFourie Haha, yes I'll do my best to be there :)"
eng	positive	"I love living with chronic illness :-) :-) :-) :-)"
eng	positive	"Let's start this chocolate fudge coated superday the chocolatey fudge coated super Yasu way! Oooooh. Sounds sexy~ :D"
eng	positive	"I'm kinda sort of fucked :-)"
eng	positive	"Hallo :) http://t.co/ZuvvBbxiMR"
eng	positive	"Follow me on twitter! :)) @JMviray_ #Follow #Me https://t.co/sznN5mdV2l"
eng	positive	"@screamcarol Morning beautiful :) How are you &amp; Neil today sweetie xxxx"
eng	positive	"@JohnTorode1 @BBCOne @MasterChefUK think it'll be sam but would love it to be @Rylan !!  He's made the biggest improvement from the start :)"
eng	positive	"Might be the biggest move I've made in my life if it works out. :)"
eng	positive	"thanks Dylan ! :) https://t.co/UKITLvvZFk"
eng	positive	"@_laurasharks hi laura. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/a8T615ezFa."
eng	positive	"Jay and Patrice Keepin' it real like always!:) Mohr Stories w/guest Patrice O'neal https://t.co/o89z63pb45 via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"We'd appreciate your support Our @GuiseGemma for the Rising star award @WATC_Updates ~ vote for her here! Tks :) https://t.co/ZcIAClQxhE"
eng	positive	"@gryffndors OK OK :D"
eng	positive	"@TonyRobbins Absolutely True :) :) :)"
eng	positive	"@hesaffection are you the owner of the user @hesIovely ? : )"
eng	positive	"@amyponce0830 I won't :-)"
eng	positive	"I have exactly 6 mins to get to work and I am still on the luas right now :)"
eng	positive	"@KittyFallon stones along with lbs, can set targets &amp; weight appears to come off quicker. Id also recommend running instead of heavy diet :)"
eng	positive	"@GO_ADdy are you like the best brother ever :) #SoSweet #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"Nominiere @Red_Foxus @ZeX_Aquila und @B3comeLegend :)"
eng	positive	"Done with the Afang soup, making semo is next :D"
eng	positive	"Mirror selfie :) http://t.co/VFGM3FSH2c"
eng	positive	"if u hardcore and stay up dis late favorite :)"
eng	positive	"@freekuku_ @Lennethxvii its up :D http://t.co/9CEbRspBdJ"
eng	positive	"@markwijs Every 4 years. :)"
eng	positive	"@Alyssaa_O your bestfriend :))😌"
eng	positive	"@iamBugti_18 &lt;------ff__special Acha banda hai ✌ tweets bhi achi krta hai Handsome bhi hai 😂 Must follow :)"
eng	positive	"@acburgar beautifully-crafted review: I must bring myself to read Mockingbird asap, now that my diploma is done :D"
eng	positive	"@JonsCrazyTweets I actually tried that blend it's really good! Also has good health benefits too. :)"
eng	positive	"@MELISSAMARIE you have my Numbero! lolz hope all is well :)"
eng	positive	"Ambrose Gwinett Bierce The world has suffered more from the ravages of illadvised marriages than from virginity. :)"
eng	positive	"@BrownOwlOrchid @Girlguiding @GirlguidingScot @GirlguidingNL @suewalker_ you'd love it :)"
eng	positive	"@FutureBoundEnt @TNPerkins4 I was staring at it for 5 mins trying to find the cynical joke before I realized I was being the cynical one. :)"
eng	positive	"Yahuda nosmet, Thank you for following my Twitter account :-) http://t.co/CPDOg3gMoR"
eng	positive	"Out for a dinner date tonight with my pony bf :D http://t.co/Xcvm0OrR2s"
eng	positive	"@hwk46 So Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute :)　♡"
eng	positive	"@n1codavid followed :)"
eng	positive	"@Loudahbear you sure f'ing will :)"
eng	positive	"@mhaieighth Don't worry be happy :)"
eng	positive	"Four hours vacant. :) With HAUC lovessss"
eng	positive	"Really hissing down here overnight and this morning. Am hoping for the 11am Cornish all-clear :) https://t.co/Nh7A1vl10j"
eng	positive	"Rain. Mr S: runs 15 miles. Mrs S: complains she's left her raincoat and The Boys' in the car. Which is on the drive. So they'll get wet. :-)"
eng	positive	"The real measure of a mans wealth is what he has invested in eternity. :-)"
eng	positive	"@Nickking @AndVioletFilm Huge thanks for retweeting, very much appreciated :)"
eng	positive	"@GarbiMuguruza Hi Garbi,I made this video for you to celebrate your amazing Wimbledon!Really hope you like it :) https://t.co/oESYb6CfAs"
eng	positive	"@iamgiant Hope Ryan washed his hair later. Was great night and excellent music at Refuel Dunedin last night :D http://t.co/t7gX9k1c59"
eng	positive	"@kalle_karvonen you are welcome Kalle :)"
eng	positive	"@WforWoman #WSaleLove A4. bro @raj50boy i want this amazing kurta for rakhi :) http://t.co/tKYf8HnuuO"
eng	positive	"@johnniewalkerph a photographer took a photo of us last night, where can i find it? Or all the photos of the event :)"
eng	positive	"@katsuzie yes :-) since 12th. How are things with you?"
eng	positive	"Well done this morning carry on the great. Work :)"
eng	positive	"Summer of the Dragon! @Goran_Dragic talks about his projects and represents Slovenia!:) http://t.co/YmvJF2Atld #slovenia #nba #basketball"
eng	positive	"i made a calum layout for liv :)"
eng	positive	"@sommie0506 My app is looking for influencers :) If you're interested, here's your invite http://t.co/ipJ2yOiGet"
eng	positive	"@marcherlord1 Leave a note on the fridge :)"
eng	positive	"@MSaito6 @rekoinmanila @AdeccoWaytoWork  I will keep fighting for what i wanted to be :)   #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"Thanks @whiskers_cats! Lovely to meet @GailScottDesign @WIB_Group hope see you @WiREUK Ludlow on 28th July at Selway Arms @7pm :-)"
eng	positive	"I think my short story is nearly ready to be submitted :-)"
eng	positive	"@75Susann  how goes it : ) : P"
eng	positive	"@kath_patel That is very exciting! Don't forget to tag us as soon as you get your hands on your new #Windows10 PC. :) ^MM"
eng	positive	"@AnnieCushing nice seeing it in Spanish... Well, Latin American Spanish :-)"
eng	positive	"@Zendaya well, it happens :))"
eng	positive	"Did she greet them with "Welcome my loyal subjects :) Here is your life of debt ":) https://t.co/Fg6CEkwHPa"
eng	positive	"@Amber_Raynexxx thank you :)"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/6TAEpQMBaN http://t.co/Le7bpWbMlO"
eng	positive	"@alexrothera @RonanTKavanagh @festofcuriosity They do their stuff well :-) @SciEllen would know..."
eng	positive	"@laurenbiere i got you :) gossip girl, 90210, vampire diaries, oitnb and more that i can't think of at the moment hahaha"
eng	positive	"@FlyPastafarian ill let ya know how it turns out. :)"
eng	positive	"love sucks doesn't it? :D"
eng	positive	"Ok me :)"
eng	positive	"Looks like the weather is going to be a bit mixed this weekend,sunshine,rain &amp; wind. If your on the course be prepared for all conditions :)"
eng	positive	"@lyndaannew @chimichangauk I msged them and they said 3~5 days for a response, im sticking to chiquitos from now on :) xx"
eng	positive	"@sassylouwt ohaha no problem! thank you btw! :)"
eng	positive	"@hellopranay We're on the radio in Delhi now !, hit 95 fm :)"
eng	positive	"@tookiebunten looks like a few of our customers must be regular readers :) Good Luck #webtogsawards"
eng	positive	"@DrashtiUniverse @ZeeTV @NithinnMurgaa @SarthakDey4 thanks :)"
eng	positive	"wow! :) Plus size model graces the cover of a women's running magazine http://t.co/dq91NI2rZY via @mashable http://t.co/fviD4vlDhq"
eng	positive	"Morning! Sheffield will be excited that #tramlines starts today. Who's going? :)"
eng	positive	"@DJSMOOK GUD NIGHT :)"
eng	positive	"have a great weekend my friends :) http://t.co/wSiu4S6eiR"
eng	positive	"#FF @EmiratesInsight for the best, most recent Arsenal news on your TL. We were hacked and it's a new account. Give it a follow lads :)"
eng	positive	"@KimKardashian that was beeeeepin hilarious!!!!!!SUPER DUPER Awesome.....:)"
eng	positive	"@susie299 gorgeous body :) wonder how close you are 😜"
eng	positive	"@LLcoolGinge turns out I can't handle critiques...that's on my mind now :)"
eng	positive	"@Ericziengs @JesperOutzen Contectually :)"
eng	positive	"@intentionshigh I'm looking for influencers for my app :) If you're interested, here's your invite http://t.co/rZgZtQ2fJT"
eng	positive	"@pbFeed thanks :-)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @NomfundoCom"
eng	positive	"@reporterroya Read some reviews and it sounds awesome. Thanks for the suggestion :)"
eng	positive	"I live near LA :) so basically he's saying he loves me :)  https://t.co/5bN0MJr7NO"
eng	positive	"Guys follow my 2nd account @iamVipulsrt I can follow back you all :) #Beliebers"
eng	positive	"@arjaycj please follow me i love you so much and it would mean the world!! :)"
eng	positive	"TGIF! :))))) &lt;3"
eng	positive	"@theroyalfactor :D:D I've always liked a large out let myself..."
eng	positive	"@bravefrontiergl you're welcome, I know you're doing everything you can. 😉 Let's just hope this will be over soon. 😁 excited for my ultor :D"
eng	positive	"@yeoujafh in ur dream : )"
eng	positive	"LoVe Is No MatTeR :)"
eng	positive	"@DanLauraCurtis  Get well soon Dan. and big hugs :)"
eng	positive	"Be Online mamaya LoiYals para sa Good News.. :-)  TruthfulWordsOf BeaNatividad #NKNKKPagpapakumbaba"
eng	positive	"I want to hear your voice :) #birthdaypresent"
eng	positive	"Hello people, its me again! :D"
eng	positive	"If you want to make someone happy, just compliment them or buy them something because you will also feel great too! :)"
eng	positive	"Hey @ToughChelseaG, I knew the blonde hair was a swerve! :) http://t.co/mpmnNl6vLt"
eng	positive	"Someone talk to me I cant sleep :/ ill talk about anything you want :)"
eng	positive	"@im_irrelephant Morning! Thank you for RTs. Have a lovely day, despite the weather! : ) #Rain"
eng	positive	"@Biltong2u Hi. Just wondering if/when you will have Marmite Cheese spread back in stock? Many thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Goodtime :-))"
eng	positive	"@wimagazine @BelDragon_R perfect timing seeing this tweet, have sent an email for more info, recently engaged :D"
eng	positive	"@EthanGamerTV @DiamondMinecart Yep it is :)"
eng	positive	"Just watched sinister before I went to bed, wow I'm scared af now :-)"
eng	positive	"@PHiZZURP HMU IF YOU TRYNA LOOSE :)"
eng	positive	"@NOTASLIMBOY nice one :)))"
eng	positive	"@l0veedonuut Anonymous :-)"
eng	positive	"@_ryanhamilton_ On dipsatch :)"
eng	positive	"@aIcouholic ahh!! thank u love :D"
eng	positive	"@StereoKicks but you won't and that's good :-)"
eng	positive	"@jaewontrash Can i have his instagram? :))"
eng	positive	"@askairasia Thanks a lot for your quick response :)"
eng	positive	"@fezisa mi aunt used the dagga water for her eyes.... works wonders :-)"
eng	positive	"@Cheryl2c96 @Sharonmuskebear @teddy_trucker Burketeer suspects and then our names and Twitter IDs :)"
eng	positive	"@Harbinger1973 you star!! Thank you very much. :)Started the download on my phone... Will hopefully be done by the time I get home."
eng	positive	"@xSukeex its only 2am and i tried earlier and gave up so im on twitch now :D"
eng	positive	"Yes, I did but thank you very much for your care, sending me this link:) :)  I ♥ this promo. The song is beautiful. https://t.co/T3HI4gRT2F"
eng	positive	"@SILV3R I can also provide this, just pop over to my office and i'll provide the required service, with a smile! :D"
eng	positive	"Twine is looking great over at Diane's place :) http://t.co/HV28zKdHCZ"
eng	positive	"Hi.. Please say"happybirthday" to me :) thanksss :) —  http://t.co/HPXV43LK5L"
eng	positive	"Randomly just booked tickets to go #BuckinghamPalace because of @kategarraway @benshephard @GMB but can't wait now :)) should be good"
eng	positive	"I like it too man. It add personality to you :-) https://t.co/Jed4Xvzakd"
eng	positive	"I made little @morganflying on Chibi maker :p http://t.co/n0BfUiXLpA"
eng	positive	"off to timog bye happy 18th birthday @ellamaecapinda otw na kami! :)"
eng	positive	"First day back at the gym :D feeling good :D #gym #England #feelinggood"
eng	positive	"@RanaArslan_ I will and I demand you to do the same for me :)"
eng	positive	"@HannesHolste thank you for making my tweet a favourite :-)"
eng	positive	"First day of work=no more walking for the rest of my life :-) http://t.co/2B4zChOakR"
eng	positive	"Hey who's up :)"
eng	positive	"@claredolotina I love dogs moar naman haha I had one cat and she didn't love me as much huhu but she was cute :3  Tara barkin blends tho :D"
eng	positive	"@stv72 Glad this one went down better :) @SirenCraftBrew do make some incredible beers"
eng	positive	"@kayceecreates @ArtieCraftie you guys have a great weekend too!:)"
eng	positive	"I've entered to WIN a huge @BlueMicrophones package from @CazuaLLUK &amp; @Marzbargaming :) ENTER HERE: https://t.co/STI4FFABgS #Giveaway"
eng	positive	"@kataraxia_ okay thank you! :D"
eng	positive	"Feel free to share with others.  :-) http://t.co/c2W7znBQ0P"
eng	positive	"@sexybull26 :) YEAP"
eng	positive	"OnKey!!! :-* :-*  &gt;,,&lt;!! nice edit(?) LOL :-* sexy umma pervert onyu appa/? *kidding* :D @skehehdanfdldi http://t.co/bpeftSb4AI"
eng	positive	"@F41rygirl @paintingandbook You saying you want Lucy to be gone soon, Lisa!!? Oh that's horrible! Sorry :-)   Yes, be back soon, please!! x"
eng	positive	"@Marke61 :) It's something to do with the French air and lack of TV, for the first 6 months...:)!!"
eng	positive	"@StartupLJackson If someone builds a quantum computer, we're going to have far greater problems than the collapse of the blockchain :)"
eng	positive	"#NowPlaying Loftey - Routte To Assia(Main Mix) . . . One Chilled Joint,It doesn't even Sound Like Me :) #FutureReleases #HouseMusic"
eng	positive	"@LigiaMonroy don't forget to dream about me :)"
eng	positive	"@iamsrk Lol. That look's like a scary room! Ghost story or murder mystery? Either way, just try it and get done asap :p"
eng	positive	"@AddyOliver96 fuck up some commas by future :-)"
eng	positive	"@CorporalKitty nice, big fan of the lines in mr.j's smile :)"
eng	positive	"Hey hunny @Shana_Banana_44 Enjoy the weekend :) 💕"
eng	positive	"@bernadettesout1 :D When I saw Diva do the FF, THEN I knew it was Friday. ^_^"
eng	positive	"@lamekyungsoo aw thank you so much! We should talk more :)"
eng	positive	"@thatothegreat I Don't Know :)"
eng	positive	"Hi Emily I'm your fan,I wish you much happiness in your life,you're funny and beautiful Happy Birthday :D @EmilyBett http://t.co/6wEXgsv7de"
eng	positive	"@Coxy486 This is available On Demand just now Nathan :) http://t.co/QlTxuBOidf Cheers, Pete. To let me know how ... https://t.co/suUNBJboMx"
eng	positive	"Lol no woman will want to share that Greek god body :) @alnina__ @2fmke"
eng	positive	"Need smoke and need ice :))"
eng	positive	"Listening to "Calm meditation" on Pandora always puts me to sleep :-)"
eng	positive	"@PTIROX I am just tired and not saying anything anymore bro :)"
eng	positive	"@kchipongian Yay! Thankyou be :* Bonding ulit soon!! :') :)"
eng	positive	"Hi @efekistik If you can DM your details I can pass them on to our Alumni team &amp; get you in touch with our MBA representatives :-)"
eng	positive	"Said I was going to sleep a hour ago &amp; im still awake :-)"
eng	positive	"@Deligracy I took one :)"
eng	positive	"Foto: what-is-your-fashionality: lorenangel8 &amp; I.. :) http://t.co/9hRX64P5xY"
eng	positive	"@eclaire605209 That's great! And good luck :) ^KW"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/GYecoPRjXm bring you :) Boatbound Brings Luxury Yachting To The Masses - http://t.co/QaIPTxrUKm #tech /via @BuzzFeed"
eng	positive	"@jobayeshopp @Sp1ns @storrmin571 @monticles @tonyclarkeuk @PeterDCooper @chhcalling @Helimed53 it's #tellanoldjokeday contributions reqd :-)"
eng	positive	"@MBrundleF1 good idea, frees them up from all the stress of speculation...and allows work consistency :)"
eng	positive	"There are startup community in the tropics too! Geeks on the beach :) #startupPH https://t.co/Bg4SxKN3tg"
eng	positive	"Based on the post I just tweet, my Zodiac sign is same as Rapunzel. Imaginative and intelligent. So true! What's yours? :)"
eng	positive	"@TheDamarisDuran what's your snapchat? :)"
eng	positive	"I'm fucking great, fuck you if you think less of me :-)"
eng	positive	"GUYS add my KIK - therver85552 #kik #hornykik #bestoftheday #girls #wife #premiostumundo #oralsex :) http://t.co/bgO0CgYWzj"
eng	positive	"@paymentality thanks - good to hear :)"
eng	positive	"@_bibboo Hi Carly, we'd happily have you back with us once your contract ends :) &gt;KW"
eng	positive	"Text me if you're up :-)"
eng	positive	"@ Matsu_bouzu i notice something. you have a same skin color like your horse! :D haha"
eng	positive	"@Joursans Me too!! :)"
eng	positive	"A Sonic start!:D #goodmorning #videogames http://t.co/5ES3WLEabs"
eng	positive	"Harana.. I wish I could have a chance to sing a song for you. :)"
eng	positive	"@RamblinManFair @DannyBryant we've come over from Belfast to see Danny at this festival! Cant wait! :)"
eng	positive	"@HitItRichSlots Or @TheSimpsons one would be awesome as well, either or even both :D"
eng	positive	"@daydreamlwt I need a rare sponsorship aswell for sponsor to Gigi :)"
eng	positive	"@eskie_pond Glad you like it :)"
eng	positive	"goodnight I love Nick &amp; Austin :)) http://t.co/KgxN7YXRhm"
eng	positive	"Please do not complain about the coffee. Youll be old and weak someday too! :-)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/Q3SZG3brj9"
eng	positive	"Just hit over 10,000 plays of my @Lihotmusic ''Girlfriend'' remix https://t.co/POj6JqNvza :)"
eng	positive	"waking up with a smile on my face and thanks in my heart to God for giving me another brand new start :)"
eng	positive	"@ElSayedYoussef5 bravo ya sayed :-)"
eng	positive	"@Blade4hire Goodnight and sweet dreams. :-)"
eng	positive	"@Erickboiii it's free :)"
eng	positive	"@NOUISMILITARY same we haven't talked for months :)"
eng	positive	"We go together like copy &amp; paste :)"
eng	positive	"Inside Out will happen today! :D"
eng	positive	"@RX931 Good afternoon :) I would like to vote for Black Magic by Little Mix &lt;3 Thank you #IAmAMonster #RXTheDailySurveyVotes"
eng	positive	"@IAmDaniel0 well my kids broke up now so don't have to get up early :)"
eng	positive	"arummzz: Let's go... I'll drive for you :p  #traveling #traveler #yogyakarta #jeep #Indonesia #instamood… https://t.co/228BgrLFuV"
eng	positive	"@thosecamvibes up my ass:):):):):)"
eng	positive	"@DavesDMDImages you too Dave. :)"
eng	positive	"@katgirl437 wow Roux tweeted you :) she is so sweet"
eng	positive	"@TbearTMI Ha that is some chainsaw there :p"
eng	positive	"just walkin' around :)))"
eng	positive	"GOING DOWN FOR REAL! :)"
eng	positive	"@mohnjorton it went awesome thanks :) amazing audience. hopefully see you soon buddy!"
eng	positive	"I love you every step of the way :)"
eng	positive	"@HAIBECKAY yes I am :)"
eng	positive	"Got you :) @ShanduLinda: @DJShaun_SA pfb""
eng	positive	"@1031Genfmsby Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"Too late for the "Up and Away" contest but its never too late to release. :) Remix coming up later today! @Luke_Shay http://t.co/eSlCGL2SCj"
eng	positive	"Come and design your own jute bag today :)"
eng	positive	"Annoying selfies on a Friday. #walangmakakapigilsakin  :D http://t.co/xD6pkorhEU"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/TpLZIou8sO"
eng	positive	"@HRLori Thanks Lori! :)"
eng	positive	"@SnowTiger02M ehm close to 6 I think :)"
eng	positive	"@leebsfc11 @CoachLockey real trick shots. :)"
eng	positive	"I love Baekhyun because I love it when he eyesmiles :)"
eng	positive	"@Gvmba shoulda let me borrow one of those knives :D"
eng	positive	"@Humna__Khan Acha Thek :p"
eng	positive	"@qjnmh Kind wolves are the worst :-)"
eng	positive	"I suspect that they travel widely before eventually returning home reaapearing in the fridge :-)) https://t.co/Sv4cWevOxi"
eng	positive	"@misslittlevip yes..but its not!! :)"
eng	positive	"@xQueenBriee @Invictus47Diddy @Raven3611 @xAnnaCheeriosx @HEELZigglez :D U KNO WHET"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/0SI94HQcHm"
eng	positive	"@bjj1212 Great to hear! Let us know which recipe you enjoy the most :)"
eng	positive	"I love when people tell me I'm right haha :)"
eng	positive	"@ImSoff_ Grattis :)"
eng	positive	"@Razzmuna Not great, but way better than last night. Tonight's shift at work will hopefully be better - and shorter. Thanks for tweetin'! :)"
eng	positive	"@makeupmermaid16 hey! I was talking to you and your friend at the concert. I didn't say goodbye but it was cool meeting you two :)"
eng	positive	"@JusstSmilee long story :p"
eng	positive	"@solodmsdailyxo @awkwardxnjh done :)"
eng	positive	"@amberspeller you'll find someone better too :)"
eng	positive	"@julayyyye wow thanks glad you noticed :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks for following @Leila_Errachiq &amp; @AndreaGaillet : Great to connect !! :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/UVZwqVxkVX"
eng	positive	"@Khadija_Batool will chat you in detail after my project inshAllah :)   be ready ;)"
eng	positive	"Sometimes you need to have sweet breakfast :) banana pancakes and raspberry sauce #healthylifestyle https://t.co/w2UgX4VEUz"
eng	positive	"@steve_falla You aint wrong there buddy! :)"
eng	positive	"Fridays mean.... roller skating nights :)"
eng	positive	"@sunique89 we have read that and we're analyzing that within our team too. Thank you. :)"
eng	positive	"@uberlinco Ha! Wasn't talking about *that* course...talking about the ones of a virtual variety :) @travelsofadam"
eng	positive	"@dw_pete @nlitchfield @MillinerySue He's twitching, he's got to be twitching :-)"
eng	positive	"@gazinqnarry OKAY SON ITS 4:13AM AND I CANT SLEEP BC I HAVE INSOMNIA AND I FORGOT TO TAKE MY SLEEPING MEDICATION :)))))))"
eng	positive	"@guacaholy need your email though :)"
eng	positive	"@Baldbuzzard4u :) Our shop opposite you will be open very soon too."
eng	positive	"@adamhulme86 @QPRFC @IJTaylor81 Enjoy. :)"
eng	positive	""@yettygeers: We are saved by the everlasting grace - thank you Jesus :-) http://t.co/vaw2lK80qO""
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/0l6LMN7j45"
eng	positive	"@rjc_archives I do spin, yoga, weights to help with running, as well as sports massage (ouch)/osteopath. Running in new trainers tomorrow :)"
eng	positive	"Nooooow!!! To Sharm :)  #trip #al_Master_band #concert #fun #summer"
eng	positive	"@shounshounette @yassmin_a so kind :)"
eng	positive	"@digitaljugaadu  Hey, No worries! Please share your wallet details via DM to get this sorted. :)"
eng	positive	"@PubPolyphony Good to hear! Just been looking at your website - will keep an eye out for the September tbc! :)"
eng	positive	"Univesity of Architecture!!! Im coming my dear :D !!"
eng	positive	"@LeandraPrins that's so cool! And random! Haha next time yell at me or something :) :)"
eng	positive	"@LPearsonSmith @WearEponymous @nafsalon @Kiehls @LindseyKelk @ArranAromatics Thank you, have a lovely weekend! :) xx"
eng	positive	"goodnight :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/3LSjM4xy5N"
eng	positive	"@SasaRichardson @Stefbystef_ @Frgt10_Anthem WHY ISNT IT GETTING HOT :))"
eng	positive	"@TonyCurran69 @TrennaKeating Haha! just woke up &amp; seen the typo, that shoulda been "snark lessions", stupid drunk fingers :D"
eng	positive	"Itty Bitty Teenie Bikini  :) http://t.co/mdUbL7CZxQ http://t.co/NImxIKytZ5"
eng	positive	"@HeyItsMeCarzae Chill Bruuh :)  2weeks in counting :)"
eng	positive	"JACOB IT'S @GwendoBocquet BDAY AND SHE GOT TIX FOR US IN PARIS OMG PLEASE WISH HER!! #FIRST50EUROPE 🇫🇷 :D"
eng	positive	"@TRANS7 iove you {} that presenting many good program. still like this :D  better than @TRANSTV_CORP -_"
eng	positive	"Low quality pic for a high quality girl :) http://t.co/xPcOLL8fLZ"
eng	positive	"Sorry there have not been as many updates as usual - I have been told people are missing the photos lol :) I have... http://t.co/4qEN7HpBF8"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/vEZV71ZpW5"
eng	positive	"Sports Club :)"
eng	positive	"@ribster13 She can walk. Barely, according to her that is :) All good here. Hope T got home all ok :)"
eng	positive	"@kolydka :))))) ty mne pro pchelok a ja.... :))) Thanks!"
eng	positive	"@JulieTwist09 Nice one Julie, looking forward to it :)"
eng	positive	"@kilby76 @randizuckerberg Very carefully... :)"
eng	positive	"@planetjedward GoodMorning ! What's coming next? =:D =:D"
eng	positive	"@Chandlermofo I like u :)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/4lxRGxnnH1"
eng	positive	"@IamComet67P Thank you, sweetest &amp; kindest Comet! :-)"
eng	positive	"Fav if awake fam :)"
eng	positive	"@AxioWolf Ahah thanks for the candy Axio! It reminds me a lot of the white rabbit candy :D"
eng	positive	"@sanahaq17 okay :D"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/v5BW8VkiVa."
eng	positive	"That is basically me - in a nutshell :) taken by @s_whiteant at “letshavecocktailsafternuclai” http://t.co/qMykMymico"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday Malik Umair  Our BIG Celebrity of Canon GANG Stay Blessed Bro :) http://t.co/D3gjT3xD8n"
eng	positive	"@JadenChaos I'm about to start grinding YT :)"
eng	positive	"@MaxShank just found your #ThoracicBridge &amp; #5minute flow. Thanks for sharing :-) already passed on to some #family I like the #nonscripted"
eng	positive	"@SilverTom_9 thanks Tom :D ^-^"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/NHHhKPXstg"
eng	positive	"I do, bby. And i might take one now. :)  https://t.co/hfo3KcFu0n"
eng	positive	"@ReflectMind @SidathSam :D so true."
eng	positive	"@ogyungmaya okay but who gets to see him in the morning?? That's  right i do :-))"
eng	positive	"@osehxn94 reserve with the password, okay? : )"
eng	positive	"SNAPCHAT : ShoshannaVassil #snapchat #kik #addmeonsnapchat #dmme #xxx #mpoints #hotel :) http://t.co/Kne2p4yFUq"
eng	positive	"@My_Old_Dutch ahh I did thank you so much :) xxx"
eng	positive	"If you wanna see you more beautiful then rotate your photo ! It works..... :p :v"
eng	positive	"@mrshelenmoon @WeBlogEvents @VelChain @BrightBull @EventopediaUK thanks for the mention, @doaeventprof too of course :)"
eng	positive	"@sophieb666 that's it Soph positive thoughts :-)"
eng	positive	"@theprincesszooz But I see what you're going at. :) Yes. Subjective pain may not be real, but that does not make it less painful."
eng	positive	"Bro:U wan cut hair anot,ur hair long Liao bo Me:since ord liao,take it easy lor treat as save $ leave it longer :) Bro:LOL Sibei xialan"
eng	positive	"@heyclaireee is back! thnx God!!! i'm so happy :)"
eng	positive	"@BBCRadio3 thought it was my ears which were malfunctioning, thank goodness you cleared that one up with an apology :-)"
eng	positive	"@HumayAG 'Stuck in the centre right with you. Clowns to the right, jokers to the left...' :) @orgasticpotency @ahmedshaheed @AhmedSaeedGahaa"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/iymPIlWXFY"
eng	positive	"@Sazzi91 we are following you now :) x"
eng	positive	"My #TeenChoice For #ChoiceinternationalArtist is #SuperJunior Fighting Oppa :D"
eng	positive	"@FindBenNeedham it's my birthday today so for my birthday wish I hope there's good news about Ben soon :-)"
eng	positive	"Good morning all :-)  It's Friday!!!!!! 󾰀  What are your plans for the day? I am currently playing shops with my... http://t.co/qoKquDWcb5"
eng	positive	"@LouiseR97054900 Happy Friday for you too :) @toonstra65 @_emeraldeye_  @lisamarti76 @Dahlizma  @miss_steele89 @LouMWrites @ASeguda"
eng	positive	":3 !   Good nigth :): estoy escuchando a Enemy of God"
eng	positive	"@EllieVond @SkeletonSweets @Justin_Naito @justcallmerizzo No actually, you don't. Bye bye indeed. Go take your drama elsewhere. :)"
eng	positive	"#ff @PrintStrawberry @ESPSFA @ErdFoodBank @HarbourSpaces @AbbeyPrimary @BigWokBham @Cole2806 @Ted4Erdington Ready for the Weekend? :) #smile"
eng	positive	"@Tim_A_Roberts @Pinter_Quotes works for me :)"
eng	positive	":) my moods are so bipolar"
eng	positive	"@ninebonso04 thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@SasaRichardson @Stefbystef_ @Frgt10_Anthem HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I AM DYING :)) I AM LITERALLY IN FRONT OF IT AND I WAS LIKE"
eng	positive	"Yoohoo! Shattering all records #BajrangiBhaijaanStorm #SuperHappy :D http://t.co/wQSegYjWil"
eng	positive	"Who's awake :-)"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday :-) http://t.co/B0l9zha8cl"
eng	positive	"@MonicaBhambhani @Equinox my pleasure doll! Thank you for your wonderful energy in class! :)"
eng	positive	"@charlesjonesss F off :)"
eng	positive	"@mommydean74 @Patriotic_Me Delighted, m'dear!:)"
eng	positive	"@EJWoolf hi emma. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?"
eng	positive	"@AceAlemania Followback The Beautiful Girl Today :)"
eng	positive	"@BarbieDevotees lyka followback :)"
eng	positive	"@rvkido alrd joy :)"
eng	positive	"@Gurmeetramrahim #OurDaughtersOurPride dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra...many congratulations Pita G...Keep them blessed as always :-)"
eng	positive	"@SCOOTERBLUE1962 Thanks yes let's hope so, at work so missing it!!:-)"
eng	positive	"Keeo guessing whats behind that white cover :) special for you.. happy bday once again my darling… https://t.co/TyFcTnM59u"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday everyone! :) A big #FollowFriday @3ocialMediaTips @IanMCalvert @ChanPerco @martinjonesaz"
eng	positive	"That awkward moment when your name is 'Akarshan', But you end up staying 'Single'. :D #ForeverAlone"
eng	positive	"@Ms_chic I know :), you're hot always"
eng	positive	"@TomRPI Don't worry :)  I know how much stress you were under and I had no problems with the site! I can't wait till the event!"
eng	positive	"What you say if Sweetpea starts to hold regular gluten free cakes and pastry workshops?:) http://t.co/9j2aIxxDi4"
eng	positive	"@V4Violetta *highfive* You are probably ahead of me there, since I am less artsy than verbal :D"
eng	positive	"All my Bae :)) &lt;3  By : @Merima_Beslagic http://t.co/gDy1trnfjV"
eng	positive	"@PARKCHAN92_bTH just kidding kaaaa :p"
eng	positive	"Lovely chat about cycling in Oxford with a @sustrans campaigner on way home yesterday - more cycle routes please! :) #cycling #Oxford"
eng	positive	"@bookmyshow Wahoo Doing Team :-) #MasaanToday"
eng	positive	"Anchors at sea..:)"
eng	positive	"DAT RP THO. thank you so much you guys for celebrating one month of partnership with me!!! ty @MadMorphTV for the raid! :D"
eng	positive	""@SouthAfrica: @ChloeJSKennedy Visit #RobbenIsland for cultural experience, or try whale watching for aquatic #safari! Either are great :)""
eng	positive	"@clarelea101 At least it's Friday :D"
eng	positive	"@FafnirsWind Maybe there are Garrus, Liara and the rest of the crew. :D https://t.co/1tb5R9s5RY"
eng	positive	"@LemonyLimeUK thanks for the follow have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"We have massage appointments available for tomorrow morning in #Burnley. Give us a call to book in :) 01282 453 110"
eng	positive	"@readcreatelove Great to hear you had such a nice day, thanks for visiting :)"
eng	positive	"@SeniorSpazz @TehSmileys I was bored so I did EVERYTHING :D"
eng	positive	"drama korea 49 days.:)"
eng	positive	"BTW!! Anyone is at @VidconCountt who represent the Football Manager community on Youtube? :) #FM15 #FMFamily #VIDCON2015"
eng	positive	"You mean Aamir Khan is one out of them.  :)  https://t.co/uQ7DRil5bj"
eng	positive	"@NoakseyV1 @Fredrik_S @TheEscapistMag @bethamari @kingso @OllieClarke @speedyjx  happy Friday! :)"
eng	positive	"@gigview RIGHT BACK AT YOU! You do an excellent job in a difficult medium :)"
eng	positive	"I :)"@Kreizi_: Who wants a #FF S/O??""
eng	positive	"@B_Madhura @shabnam_903 i should tweet it :p"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/t2z9ax4qyd - hey, now! Come see us at the @NTCalkeAbbey Summer Fine Food Fair on Sunday, 11am-4pm in the Riding School :)"
eng	positive	"@Real_Liam_Payne please follow me liam :)"
eng	positive	"@LaurakBuzz lovely write up :) I absolutely adore the NVA and am lucky enough to live 5 minuets away. Roll in GameCity!"
eng	positive	"#FF @Brianscrooks Thanks Brian :) @GOVManslaughter @GlobaluxGenesis"
eng	positive	"@ElliotHorwoodF1 @LewisHamilton His headrest was loose, that's the reason he pitted :-)"
eng	positive	"@batesm0t3l Hi there, I've spoken with the store who have advised they do have a PayPoint and that card can be topped up :) Thanks, Beth"
eng	positive	"@BCTGA Will do! Thanks for your help :-)"
eng	positive	"Deepthroat was a good movie :)) https://t.co/rtz4SsXA0O"
eng	positive	"Hallo Twitter :D"
eng	positive	"@jaredNOTsubway @iluvmariah @Bravotv Then that truly is a LATERAL move! Now, we all know the Queen Bee is UPWARD BOUND : ) #MovingOnUp"
eng	positive	"@anands_69 Thanks and wish you the same :)"
eng	positive	"@Aiteee1 Aitor SnS, Would you mind checking my Bio and participate in PS4 giveaway? It could be that you are the winner :)"
eng	positive	"@jawad_sharief Hi Jawad, how are you today? Thank you for the follow &amp; the retweet! We very much appreciate it :)"
eng	positive	"@1_odj Thanks  :)"
eng	positive	"@CaballeroSerena you actually need to stop tweeting and driving! :-)))))))"
eng	positive	"This kind of feedback truly made our day! A perfect way to end this work week :) http://t.co/B7XBAgmERd"
eng	positive	"well that's @LittleMix presale tickets bought, thanks @TicketmasterUK wonder if I can take a book with me...things we do as parents :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @Kgotsoab"
eng	positive	"@matthewcrosby Hope it goes well! :-)"
eng	positive	"you betcha :) dumb butt :)"
eng	positive	"kik : qualky808 #kik #kikmenow #milf #like4like #bored #summer #sexysaturday :) http://t.co/8R2Nrl31IC"
eng	positive	"@olemanbob Followed all! :-)"
eng	positive	"Thanks :) https://t.co/FSMTlXYcqK"
eng	positive	""@jayt_jubby: @SinethembaMpaxa yes hun and you" I'm good too :)"
eng	positive	"@Woodgate @littlewok Enjoy :)"
eng	positive	"Wow! A #VW bus with lots of 'Umpffffff'! Love it! :) https://t.co/hlF75RutDv"
eng	positive	"#AM to CA. Retweet domg nanti difollow ?( :D"
eng	positive	"@Madison420Ivy  "We" ??? you wish :D:D:D:D:D:D:D kidding"
eng	positive	"@MarkBreech Not sure it would be good thing 4 my bottom daring 2 say 2 Miss B but Im gonna be so stubborn on mouth soaping ! #NotHavingit :p"
eng	positive	"@saharjojo10 yes I haven't car :)"
eng	positive	"@thewhitespike I like them, especially the Klee ones :-)"
eng	positive	"@undeux you look amazing April love the glasses :D"
eng	positive	"@Enchpannt I know :) http://t.co/lb9ZNmCqgT"
eng	positive	"this is when we were building our house :) http://t.co/if5yfELOQV"
eng	positive	"@Catargiu Yeah, kinda feel like a warm butter in here :D"
eng	positive	"@JamesEMalcolm It really is; after a week of big decisions I too am feeling rather badass :)"
eng	positive	"i'm going to sleep. i hope i wake up with a follow from luke hemmings someday :) goodnight fam ily and 5sos a lot 💟 http://t.co/YX0hTS3lXT"
eng	positive	"@Svg_Brad Congrads !!! Better update your About page on the accomplishment !!! :-) Keep it up..."
eng	positive	"Filming all day @SimpleStuffWrks I haven't been invited for some reason LOL :)"
eng	positive	"@madpilot Before or after? :)"
eng	positive	"whenever my sister sees me crying she texts me to ask if im okay aw someone cares :-)"
eng	positive	"welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :) @kryjvodz @RVjoy3 @canyolix @jsjciy @kkimseolh"
eng	positive	"@steveaoki T-shirt? :D awesome http://t.co/qTJcpy54zi"
eng	positive	"@HanMaiCrazyHoon Belated .. Thanks Thanks !! :D"
eng	positive	"@SisiphoMphoza Can't wait to see you there :-)"
eng	positive	"Happy happy birthday TO ME!!  Happy happy birthday To ME!! :) https://t.co/2cgXNdP00h"
eng	positive	"@Shadypenguinn take care! :)"
eng	positive	"Road trip to Tregaron to view potential new boar. Fingers crossed we bring the boy home :)"
eng	positive	"@xPaleMoonlightx :) Good to know you :)"
eng	positive	"being told im gorgeous on my extremely sweaty walk into work has made my day :)"
eng	positive	"Morning all! Up and at  'em :)"
eng	positive	"@WaitlessCompany @Aledeleonmoreno glyon! :D"
eng	positive	"💓🚮👯- the definition of perfection would have a picture of you next to it :)"
eng	positive	"INITIAL TEE's PM for ORDERS :) http://t.co/2AxBuaPKMS"
eng	positive	"Confession :) nice"
eng	positive	"@tillyyandtroye you're welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@miccoelaine @KRMN4L nice dave :D"
eng	positive	"@AndyHerren I know how dumb, did she think of that on her own. But Johnny does rock have u seen his utube video's?  Mad Respect! :D"
eng	positive	"@ImToxic21 Sorry for your loss and hope it goes well :)"
eng	positive	"@TrevorMoran @jccaylen @ItsMikeyMurphy Combine all three and add a bit of asian and u got YOURS TRULY :) https://t.co/zRlFqQBu8d"
eng	positive	"@ashleyannvlnc happy birthday!! :)"
eng	positive	"@kezhoskyn We got a call in the end and the pigeon is now home safe :) Definitely worth contacting them."
eng	positive	"Morning! Hospital day today ! Hoping to finally get signed off after a long year of pain and ops ! #Fingerscrossed.:)"
eng	positive	"The best photobomb :D [pic] — https://t.co/3dP40WD5n2"
eng	positive	"@mazt_t @Peter_Fitz @SMHsport thanks SE :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @KingsleyDali"
eng	positive	"I just finished day 33 of the @YouVersion plan 'Bible in 90 Days'. Check it out here: 2 Chronicles 23 completed :) http://t.co/3Yw3TFCRk6"
eng	positive	"@TMobile Yo gimme this month free on my bill since service has been out pretty much every other day :))))))))))))))))))))))))))"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/6SpknXLOnU."
eng	positive	"Hi,i'm definetly so exited ^^ I'm going to New york.:)"
eng	positive	"@FrolicHawaii this Saturday! :)"
eng	positive	"@babypuffinator i've typed worse things, it's all good :p"
eng	positive	"Beat Da Beat sits well with @slashgear (includes new video) :-) http://t.co/zJmOmpx7iv #mobilegame #ios8 #Android http://t.co/LY7EnuUH8z"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/UGQzOx0huu"
eng	positive	"@Myninaaa @_kyle__86 thank you :) 💕"
eng	positive	"Soon... :) https://t.co/agyjS1mwiW"
eng	positive	"@ruSh_Me Sure! :)"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? KIK : thencerest547 #kik #kiksexting #sex #followback #l4l #indiemusic #kikgirl :) http://t.co/rGXNogHMKM"
eng	positive	"goodnight guys :-)  remember tomorrow is a brand new day, a fresh start and another chance"
eng	positive	"Bom-dia :) APOD: Ultraviolet Rings of M31 (2015 Jul 24) -  http://t.co/f5xThyIN8u -"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/aOKldo3GMj http://t.co/xWCM9qyRG5"
eng	positive	"@ThePrintQuarter thanks for the follow have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@jasmineshaddock Oooh how lovely! Hope you have a fantastic time :)"
eng	positive	"*yawns* good morning everyone *wags tail* how is everyone doing today :D"
eng	positive	"@Objective_Neo @UMAD congrats on the launch :D"
eng	positive	"Happy and wonderful birthday my love 💟 Have the most beautiful day in the world :)"
eng	positive	"@MatjazSircelj ftw and all. :)"
eng	positive	"@lovingjeonboram Ah, I see. So which song do you prefer? Take or Maman? :)"
eng	positive	"@hayley_gibson93 hi hayley. :-) can I ask is your #BellyButton an #Innie or an #Outie?"
eng	positive	"Gud afterznoon and jumma mubarak tweeeps :-) Plz remember us in ur prayers"
eng	positive	"@UnicornMummy83 welcome to the Bomb family :) x"
eng	positive	"@ppritam009 ABP NEWS ka article read kiya? :D #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"It's not like it hurt my feelings or anything right?? :))))))))))))"
eng	positive	"Check out our new @NeonArenas Van outside the Olympic Park for @uk_sport Anniversary Games!!! :) http://t.co/6QRbnfXZG7"
eng	positive	"Every year in August I get fever :p dunno why 😷"
eng	positive	"@Clareyh Yeah, it's a classy look :-). I've seen people attached to all sorts of 'life saving' equipment, some in beds,having their fix :-0)"
eng	positive	"its trending.. follow the bobble link. :)  https://t.co/HZxoiRe88H"
eng	positive	"next year for sure though :) there's only 2 girls that piss me off"
eng	positive	"@TheVampsBrad where were you standing? so cool!!!! :)"
eng	positive	"Movie 'Key of Life' (Japanese Version) https://t.co/ib4kfpbBu8 interesting storyline! :)"
eng	positive	"@anuja3486 Thanks anu :) @Rjain_ @ajayg303 @RGulechha @SNJNIG @Sharma216V @Angel_Priyabgt @praveen_a @prav2410 @SomnathUrhe @Destiinyy303"
eng	positive	"Also, new layout new me :)"
eng	positive	"@Gotzefying Im trying to D/L MH3 english patch for the psp :D"
eng	positive	"I wanted to tweet something but then I thought I'll probably lose a lot of liam girl mutuals so I won't :)"
eng	positive	"1 day to go:1 day left to sponsor us. no matter how small the donation, the difference you make will be huge :)"
eng	positive	"@PrideRadioNE thanking you :)"
eng	positive	"@AmonMars @snaz_mayo Followed :)"
eng	positive	"@EmilyRPeck Hey Emily, I love your work and I'd like to contribute to HuffPost Business, what's the best way to contact you? :)"
eng	positive	""Asshole" 😂 That's an honest tribute :) https://t.co/CgeH8460fh"
eng	positive	"h_eartshapedbox: First leg of the magictrikband tour is going well! :D #music #band #rock #magictrik #tour … http://t.co/3SdqjnwDfM"
eng	positive	"Towering over the ladies. :) #tb #eid https://t.co/F7oS1h3Alz"
eng	positive	"Whatsapp with roommate  "Do you want anything from Paris?" "A French man :)"  LOL sure I'll just head to the park and grab one."
eng	positive	"@tamitrailscapes have a great weekend Tami and thank you!:))"
eng	positive	"@Blade4hire This is just lovely :-)"
eng	positive	"I just want to look good for you :)"
eng	positive	"@mehra_sachi sure :)"
eng	positive	"Excited for the weekend :-)"
eng	positive	"@Idxterr b3dk far7an ank mis15 :)???"
eng	positive	""@yettygeers: When God gives us strength, His purpose is that we should help others who are struggling :-) http://t.co/Skk98JGCOr""
eng	positive	"@oceana_bleuu lol i meant lucky eagle, but thank you for your services oceana. :-)"
eng	positive	"I just woke up and I feel incredibly sick idk if it's cause I drank Starbucks at 11 o'clock last night or if it's a reaction to my meds :)"
eng	positive	"@AndyCarnochan @WickermanFest Oops...that's called a #FridayFauxPas :) I'll get that changed right now! Thank you, G"
eng	positive	"I will fulfil all your fantasies :) 👉 http://t.co/wKpgkiDEmP 👈💗 http://t.co/HHoyjasr1A"
eng	positive	"calling it a night and going to sleep Now :)"
eng	positive	"yeah they're giving me subtle hints. also tip #2: don't use it all and the community these last few years. :-) Prim’s Algorithm III"
eng	positive	"@JewelStaite Funny, but yes too soon. It's always going to be too soon. :D"
eng	positive	"@PagePlannerLive Thank you :) This is getting retweeted x"
eng	positive	"@charliehaarding @WeAlIlKnowA @ElliotPender @J_Mezzer smiling after he received a text from his dad saying suck him off :))"
eng	positive	"@mussshiii @Takafofo so wat??:)"
eng	positive	"@x22AEW @candlerosa @qvcuk @miceal can't wait Rosa love xmas :) welcome back ann hope u had a good one back just in time :) x"
eng	positive	"Morning tweeps! New post for you today. Please like and share if you see it! Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"@Polley93 YVW Have a great day and weekend! :D"
eng	positive	"@sweettoothmarti Awwww heres a quick workout now as a boost :-))) http://t.co/hnnY5L2i6f"
eng	positive	"Lol :D @akshaykumar i know it was your idea :p coz you have unforgettable sense of humor ;) :) :D love you bro :* https://t.co/qiyrhDK9eB"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/WCuHrpnFDK."
eng	positive	"mum's home.... HAHAHHAAH thank you lord :)"
eng	positive	"@_SW_E_ were you safe? :D"
eng	positive	"This girl :)  https://t.co/OAXMGGICNr"
eng	positive	"@SasaRichardson @Stefbystef_ @Frgt10_Anthem sombrero high?? OKAY I'M LOST NOW :)) http://t.co/2VDPgb5EpK"
eng	positive	"@osmosisness helloooo! i'm rose, nice to meet you :)"
eng	positive	"@balboa_lesly Thank you for the screenshots po. Let me take care of this spammer for you. :) Before we proceed, c... https://t.co/x4ObmZFYUB"
eng	positive	"@Manaal_M16 @yusra and perfect thing to pick :) #WSaleLove"
eng	positive	"@AlliDavies1 @INKProducer @sugaredeggs thank you! @thedanperry did such an amazing job :)"
eng	positive	"@storpey don't die, you're actually pretty entertaining :p"
eng	positive	"@MLGJordanD congrats on 100k Man. Can't wait till I can hit that milestone too :)"
eng	positive	"Morning all...Judith here to answer any District Council related questions today :-)"
eng	positive	"@Itsjustizue see you tomorrow then :))))"
eng	positive	"saw a comment on how midares gender is unknown and like :) yeah you just keep saying that"
eng	positive	"@mariaburtea @5SOS_Nightly wow you really hate me :))))"
eng	positive	"@Floreani_Mgmt @DanOlsenMusic @UKOpenMic @BBC3 I was watching that and saw Dan on it :)"
eng	positive	"@mulberharry thank you :-) ilysm xx"
eng	positive	"Thanks for trade :) @palvinssquad http://t.co/YKYRmXklHU"
eng	positive	"@ChrisInsider @ifb2016 Looking forward to it!! :-) ^KS"
eng	positive	"@lesholly20 @NorthEastHour you can Lesley :)"
eng	positive	"I want to protect this relationship more than the others. So I'll not talk about him because ppl don't need to know how awesome he is. :)"
eng	positive	"@TheAvianFurry Oh dang. That is some zen looking "outside" space. Neat :-)"
eng	positive	"@fxckedbutbands you look good in that outfit :)"
eng	positive	"@arronjones31 Hiya, I'm afraid we've already picked our riders for this year! We'll be on the look out again next year :)"
eng	positive	"A very good morning to u too :) @Boity"
eng	positive	"@matt_saunders_ @medialens ha ha. Ok honey. Go ahead. FYI - still dig ya. Enjoy voting. And then watch as he will have me by his side :)"
eng	positive	"@Aaliyan_ Lucky me :))"
eng	positive	"@dv891798 Learning a new skill takes time to perfect &amp; master. https://t.co/u9YXV5HPjO - Thanks for the favourite :)"
eng	positive	"👱🏽👽🌳 😂😂😂 I've talked to u only a couple times but u seem very nice and funny :)"
eng	positive	"@Swift__Girl Agreed. Suspicious Minds :)"
eng	positive	"Good afternoon :)"
eng	positive	"@JellyBabyMom2 Whoop whoop! Bring on the fun :)"
eng	positive	"A new report talks about how we burn more calories in the cold, because we work harder to warm up. Feel any better about the weather? :p"
eng	positive	"Say something, I'm giving up on you :) And I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you :D"
eng	positive	"@Coastie_alexx good night :)"
eng	positive	"@heyoppar @Zain9898 @bemybelief @hetthuocchua there's gonna be another one in the finale :)))))"
eng	positive	"@246MissJessica You're very welcome, Jessica. Enjoy! :)"
eng	positive	"@seananmcguire my best friend Carina is one here in San Francisco. Let me know if you want to get I touch. :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks mommy teret for this :) (Y) :) #Potassium #Rehydrate #DrinkitAllup #ThirstQuencher https://t.co/uLORa2tssO"
eng	positive	"@ManningOfficial @GarrJPRBDF @PsycheDK I'm sure that that Tapir calf isn't the only one who likes to be adventurous at mealtimes :)"
eng	positive	"@ShutUpBrickLP if only there was uhc in a box on a large scale on one of those network servers :p"
eng	positive	"@bobbyllew @InkSharkman If ever you're both in the areal, we'll have to do lunch/dinner again. :)"
eng	positive	"Here's one for the #extremesports fans among you - if you love #quadbiking get in touch! :)  #bloggersrequired #bloggerswanted"
eng	positive	"Thank you @AngelMsvanityIV.... loved the cakes :) bear hug at the end"
eng	positive	"@ZulbayarB  here is what MASA is doing nowadays! http://t.co/iFopImCJb0  No brainer type investment! Should list on MSE a fund for that! :)"
eng	positive	"@MrBoffly That is magnificent. :-)"
eng	positive	"@natsu1725 @AdeccoJapan @AdeccoWaytoWork  I love working in Tokyo :)   #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@Yumnoskians_x yeah i will try looking. x :)"
eng	positive	"welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :) @sweetihej @imbinggoo @yipanos @yerinkid_ @fyeojart @chourong91"
eng	positive	"@_RealityBiter_ :) hehe me gets it now. Think this means I need sleep nooooowwwww. Nite nite :)"
eng	positive	"@Miss_Dyna_Mite hi 5 back to you :) :)"
eng	positive	"@katie_taylorkay yes omg. I lile tid more than tmi :)"
eng	positive	"@strathearnrose I may have been deploying a degree of sarcasm :)"
eng	positive	"Cute boy you have there Jules! :-)  https://t.co/LoONgfRNdd"
eng	positive	"@VincentTong007 Can't wait to be out there again. Just a few weeks now! :D"
eng	positive	"Thank you for following us, Betty Miller! A new friend is always welcome! :) http://t.co/0ZM3ZoKkm6"
eng	positive	"@shobanam not person. Small things u expect from person u love the most :)"
eng	positive	"@salo_mi Yes HDDCS is also favourite. :) All Salman Khan movies are eternal in that case. I have not watched PTHHT."
eng	positive	"@tbhhowell oh shoot, well i am watching it now :D"
eng	positive	"@sonny370 @Arsenal @LFC far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)"
eng	positive	"@Anyi_anonadada @JosPastr @norcoreano a tope :))"
eng	positive	"@llredraven @LinnySmit @erincheshirecat @phycoinsc @paigejiffy @lilginger864 @BlueCat_hikes   Good night! Sweet dreams!  : )  xxoo  ♡♥♡"
eng	positive	"@spaqhetto @ArtOfBsing Little finger is in this too??!! :D"
eng	positive	"Love it! :) 13 photos that explain why Ukraine is not Russia http://t.co/KfblbBBYkQ http://t.co/2EYOfYUWwy"
eng	positive	"Friday!:) http://t.co/HUoq4txhmb"
eng	positive	"Hey Fam! Vote for @5SOS if you haven't already :) WE GOTTA WIN THIS FOR OUR BOYS! #TeenChoice -S http://t.co/zBZvXC0v5y"
eng	positive	"@janevickers7 Hi Jane, this is a Silver-washed Fritillary :)"
eng	positive	"my pleasure @JacobZucchi :) https://t.co/F75o6874uE"
eng	positive	"@Sweetiepiie67 have a great day hunny :)"
eng	positive	"Good night moon :)  @NinaSimoneMusic  #pandora"
eng	positive	"2 APs no study hall? HAHA great :)))"
eng	positive	"@GB_FollowBack I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK!! #TeamFollowback :-)"
eng	positive	"Ha but I almost gave a fuck. :) some boys are trash. Not wasting my time that's for sure"
eng	positive	"Amazing pics today on http://t.co/dcifNBjTXA @kellyhallmodel  :D http://t.co/Ja2vPugANE"
eng	positive	"@nandabes yes we already added it, please do check our final design :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@Thaque883 nothing much, he just needs to grow up :)"
eng	positive	"@AnjeTruter @VegaSchool Easy when you have a clever and interested audience, you are most welcome :)"
eng	positive	"@Louis_Tomlinson great video :D https://t.co/0II4AHjGV2"
eng	positive	"@eonnicchi Why do you ask about it ? :&lt; ~ ended with him .. now i'm with him just friend :)"
eng	positive	"@kevens, thank's for the follow Kevens :)"
eng	positive	"@Caz_Loz @BeckieSmith_7 ha! Love both pics! Clearly I have much to learn about popular English pastimes. :)"
eng	positive	"@UltraVratik @DesaiEshita @jitubhaiyajgd @dineshaol @SmilingShivani @payalpatil148  @jgdpalak #ashramcalling returns :p"
eng	positive	"I will catch you if you fall. Fall ontrack :)"
eng	positive	"@briones198 always makes things better :)❤️"
eng	positive	"@Cat_grl @uberlinco guess they'll be showing in german and also with subtitles :)"
eng	positive	"@bekhyungh @cunyelo pinter :-)"
eng	positive	"Gooood morninggggg and Jummah Mubarak everyone! Have a blessed and amazing day ahead :)"
eng	positive	"@Vivienneclore That is so cute :-) 🐶"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/BW6MXJYWNC."
eng	positive	"@rachelburden Have a fabulous time. Will miss you. :) xx"
eng	positive	"@JohnA_Limas nothing. You're perfect. Smile :)"
eng	positive	"@pannusf10 Never showed it much. :)"
eng	positive	"@Stuarty2112 :-)  Cheers Pete. Will have a listen later. ☺☺"
eng	positive	"@javeedna that's a build up for Sunday :p"
eng	positive	"@holybatgirl I direct your attention to ... AWESOME-O! :)"
eng	positive	"@mutleydo @JordanAdams You can get us on Tune In as well as our own app - multiple options! :D"
eng	positive	"@sennicka don't over engineer it. :)"
eng	positive	"@melcsy1 @IngridMolina19 @ssaenzzy @sugarstein_19 @XredeyezX HAPPY FRIDAY! :D"
eng	positive	"Cya after a week!! :D"
eng	positive	"@killaaahrhp_ happy shopping :)"
eng	positive	"We had a fantastic show at Harrogate home and gift! Just back in the office for 2 days before jetting off to see my wonderful suppliers :)"
eng	positive	"@IstanbulPHP nice one :D"
eng	positive	"@ashleelynda yes let's do it :)"
eng	positive	"and I have to be up for 7 :):):):)"
eng	positive	"@heyimbunny_ in Australia it's morning for them :D"
eng	positive	"Req @edsheeran All Of The Stars :) @solo_radio @claraapuspita #FridayLouge"
eng	positive	"if only you knew that the whole class was crying because of your hurtful words. :)"
eng	positive	"@Bosslady22d it's an opportunity for anyone to ask me questions babe! You included :) #4thStreetMusic  https://t.co/pg2SiRxvZ8"
eng	positive	"Lunch at @imperiallamian :)"
eng	positive	"@_stevievie I'll be in Hawaii in December! We'll have a kick back again. Miss you too :)"
eng	positive	"@mariammaslouhi If it HAD been two ~17 year olds deeply in love? :-)))"
eng	positive	"@mehra_sachi aha that's alright ❤️ we love you too :) ~ A"
eng	positive	"i hope nate notice my edit since i made it my icon &gt;.&lt; :)"
eng	positive	"@Terry_Brown @NEBytes Send it to me, john@timney.eclipse.co.uk :)"
eng	positive	"hah....and a thousand more lies  :D https://t.co/QEil0C0auo"
eng	positive	"@jmieldesigns I'd be willing to try that! :)"
eng	positive	"Reading newspaper :D"
eng	positive	"My afternoon date. &lt;3 :)"
eng	positive	"@UnboxTherapy here's a fan made art to u :) and to guys which phone is lew bending it :D http://t.co/CEMZLpGaHD"
eng	positive	"@themaddiebruce Nah, you're beaut just the way you are :)"
eng	positive	"In #Fallout4 we get to see the Glowing Sea. Again.   Technically did in Fallout 3. I just played again to see :D http://t.co/zRP17qI0qT"
eng	positive	"@pmjeepers I'm a friend of your cousin Karen Gunderson. Just watched Europa Report -- thoroughly impressed! Wanted to say, great script!:-)"
eng	positive	"@bbcweather @FarmersOfTheUK no dry start here in Wales! I was waiting for a duck to overtake me on the motorway :-)"
eng	positive	"Good morning all! Have a fab Friday! :)"
eng	positive	"@LusciousLyndee1 hahaha...and thus...I sneak away to log on to #niteflirt :D"
eng	positive	"@wontanim yep we're all trash af   im from indonesia hbu? :-))"
eng	positive	"@ISupportTony You're obviously getting better at your tweets :-)"
eng	positive	"welcome to KFCROLEPLAYERS enjoy &amp; lets be friend! :) @qimyerii @peixvodz @CSYDIH @YB0RA_ @awksungjaesey @krztall @ikonxbei"
eng	positive	"Bowling is always best with friends :) http://t.co/xXnvRb7ptR"
eng	positive	"@1DCrazen hopefully, I'll do it for you :) x"
eng	positive	"@dbuzzketball if its @dbuzzketball  saying, it must be Chris Ellis :))"
eng	positive	"@6000 yes - in a friendly contest - loser buys the drinks :)"
eng	positive	"@hewitsonwalker thanks for the follow have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@villagebirth Thank you! :-)"
eng	positive	"Thank you! :D  https://t.co/495R7CGmcD"
eng	positive	"@OOK_Librarian a day to practice some songs :)"
eng	positive	"Here's a reminder. As if we needed one :-) http://t.co/IWLQK3XB3H"
eng	positive	"Harry and niall and -94 (when harry was born) ik it's stupid and i wanna change it :D https://t.co/gHAt8ZDAfF"
eng	positive	"@miabellasesso http://t.co/FtI5vLQJks @SBNation and a few select others.. will get to you :)"
eng	positive	"@SurreyHillsBrew ...and when we play the Al***n, he'll score all fucking night :)"
eng	positive	"with ma bff.. :) http://t.co/hFpe2DvO3E"
eng	positive	"@MakeStronger3 hi here's my vid about Stydia if you can take a look :) https://t.co/k75kPT0aq1"
eng	positive	"im sending Alex like a million pictures :)"
eng	positive	"@miss_steele89 @LouMWrites @gr8fllady2 @inMay84 @christian1_ana @zimmie825 @FiftyShadesPA @_emeraldeye_ you too lovely :)"
eng	positive	"@CenasAkua Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday Nawazuddin Siddique... Big, Big fan of yours. :)"
eng	positive	"@dukeofdelhi yes please would brighten up my night shift #nomnomnom :D #chocolate #DukeFreebieFriday to  xx"
eng	positive	"@AI_LSK89 @AI_Kyungsoo done eonni :)"
eng	positive	"@bridgetnichole_ have a fantastic night :)"
eng	positive	"@Uber_AHM and I have it :) http://t.co/sWLUm7Vtrz"
eng	positive	"@Cat_grl @berlindisaster BOOM. It's a date! :D "z"
eng	positive	"@hugopleclercq followed already! Thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"@itsmebianca_01 thank you! :)"
eng	positive	"Will you be my happy ending? @IanPrasetya insyaAllah :)"
eng	positive	"@19murf85 thats the way we see it.  west ham are a shit small club in london and villa are the 3rd biggest in brum :)"
eng	positive	"@SweetieBellaxx Denis has a vagina? Rly?  :D @realdstoff poor thing :D"
eng	positive	"Smile. Its sunnah :)  #غردلي #عن  http://t.co/lEVViELaRV"
eng	positive	"@NiaFHenry Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" https://t.co/FsS7lzF8HQ .Plz let me know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"@FatPrincess2015 Share it when ready! :)"
eng	positive	"@flimflammery @DisneylandDTD oh my, the white rabbit is the cutest thing I've ever seen, no wait  it's all adorable :)"
eng	positive	"@AraRedjeb you're welcome :) have a lovely weekend with Izzy."
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday Mitch :-) i wish you all the best have a good day http://t.co/4LHrrWv42e"
eng	positive	"@ahhrielll Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@Fighters_Comate done ya minn :) #CJRadaCOMATEada"
eng	positive	"@hanna_meiners you welcome It was fun :)"
eng	positive	"@JL_Cameraclix I did until recently.#website upgrades so you might see a new picture on #coolingtowers soon.Thanks for #showinginterest :)"
eng	positive	"@BhaktisBanter  #FlipkartFashionFriday Multicolored Maxi Dress paired wid Wedges to make ur Life Bright&amp;Colorful :) http://t.co/xtzhIBkXsu"
eng	positive	"Always motivated :-)"
eng	positive	"@BambiiRiiot Nnnnnnot seeing an upside here. :-)"
eng	positive	"@hellojennyho haha no it's Kyle and his gf's baby :)"
eng	positive	"@SpazzyTsukihara lol ok i can watch ya for a bit :p"
eng	positive	"@supersarcastiel #BlueSidemenXIX I'd love to win one :)!"
eng	positive	"@AfiaAkhter786 happy birthday :) @anniesk244 @farrukhzx @SadafNaveed3 @Cute_Shaikh15 @Faryab2 @Nidakhan_ @BadarJaffer"
eng	positive	"Hello @tabithahoy :) We are now your ardent followers!  https://t.co/JuzrBE0SBt"
eng	positive	"Goooood Mooorning :) I want to sleep again..."
eng	positive	"My ghost #bae :D #love #wuppertal #TagsForLikesApp #instagood #me #smile #follow #cute #photooftheday… https://t.co/jppbF7UIK3"
eng	positive	"@Sukihaikal hahaha okay thank you :)"
eng	positive	"You Lose :D"
eng	positive	"@Geordnet hehe cool :)"
eng	positive	"Morning! How are u #today?  What have u got planned? How lazy am I? I'm still in bed! Toast &amp; fresh coffee 2 :). Have a great #FridayFunDay"
eng	positive	"Welcome to the family :)  https://t.co/TGiFQ0qjnM"
eng	positive	"@fni Re-signed! :)"
eng	positive	"can I just meet harry that's all I need in life :-)"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/cYnV18t4ZT."
eng	positive	"One more sleep til the wedding :-)"
eng	positive	"Excited about the Chalkhill Park Celebration tomorrow from midday. Come join the fun :-)"
eng	positive	"@carterreynolds hello!! :) love you Carter :)"
eng	positive	"What a good read :)   http://t.co/5UWZh015eo"
eng	positive	"@hattersleyblue3 You too :-)"
eng	positive	"@GBattered @JimmysFarmHQ enjoy, hope weather holds for you guys :-)"
eng	positive	"@elfishy_fika done :)"
eng	positive	"@Ricky27_263 the remedies the media won't tell you about :-)"
eng	positive	"Thank you :) https://t.co/DuVcLseonQ"
eng	positive	"Jumma Mubarak All of You.   Stay Blessed :)"
eng	positive	"@salcedonot we're looking forward to being able to spend more time with you! :) enjoy iflix! :)"
eng	positive	"#TGIF It's Weekend.......ENjoy :) http://t.co/Tck0izSpKB"
eng	positive	"@TheVampsCon im thankful to have someone like you in my life to inspire me to be better everyday. i love you, mind following me? :)"
eng	positive	"Become better to atrack better :)"
eng	positive	"@padaleckbye First and third look promising and if all else fails and you can make a decision to go with all of the above! :)"
eng	positive	"Crazy girlfriends be like :-)(-: Jesus Christ. http://t.co/RTWjc7e1lM"
eng	positive	"@TheShreddingA Morning :) you too. A gd day in store? I'm off to badminton with my 2 littl'uns! @AquaDesignGroup @Klick_Business #FabFriday"
eng	positive	"@grafikmag @editionsdulivre I a kid inside!!! I want one!! :-)"
eng	positive	"Imran khan a hero :) really  #IKPrideOfPak"
eng	positive	"@DrSadafAlvi @FatimahLove92 @AliJaved93 @Iqbal92S @defilibrator @kiran1144 @tahseenfurqan Janjua is my friend.:)"
eng	positive	"I AM SO SORRY FUCKING ERIC THINKS HES FUNNY :)"
eng	positive	"@wishm4ster it says my bday :)))))"
eng	positive	"hey @JoshDevineDrums!:)  check this pictures out and what do you think?:)  notice and follow me please?💕  x http://t.co/iaMFvdRMJb"
eng	positive	"There :) is :) a :) pimple :) on :) my :) forehead :) the :) size :) of :) a :) volcano :)"
eng	positive	"Good luck to all our couples getting married this weekend :)"
eng	positive	"Am Back again and again :) Done na mag miryenda :)"
eng	positive	"@varun_dvn waiting for it bro :-)"
eng	positive	"Party at our 3D printer :) Celebrating future technology's and it's possibilities #touchétoday… https://t.co/Tlcoj355Rt"
eng	positive	"do u use any app to listen to music? if yes, what app? :-) — idownloader http://t.co/L4o5J39UEf"
eng	positive	"@ShortgamerUHC I get 25ish then more if I snowball :p"
eng	positive	"@exohun1204 of course :)"
eng	positive	"nd its going to expire next year. dat is mtn 6gb for u :D , You really like it?"
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday @EmilyBett ! Have a nice day :) #LoveU"
eng	positive	"I wanna go back to the time were everything is still fine. :-)"
eng	positive	"Celebrating life once again. :) #summer #MoreFunInThePhilippines @ Lahos Island, Caramoan Islands https://t.co/Pw7NdlH5d9"
eng	positive	"@natsu1725 @AdeccoWaytoWork  Its such a nice quote :)  #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@Carol1MY @AmberContact @fieldfarefoods good stuff :). Love a bit of salmon"
eng	positive	"Jumma kareem :)  Friday Reminder: Do Recite Surah Kahaf.."
eng	positive	"@Memz_Dogi i'm joining right now :D"
eng	positive	"@BahiHonTera y not , Sure .. :)"
eng	positive	"@melaniemorris Hi Melanie :-) We do in fact, they're really used in cases where normal WiFi could be an issue as you mentioned. You can ...."
eng	positive	"This Quite Phenomenal Offer On Bosch Washing Machine In This Week's @limerickpost These Definitely Won't Last Long :) http://t.co/x4FpGLudE5"
eng	positive	"@wildrunnerza @ctmarathon @runnersworldza One of those "ok i'll run for the photo' moments :D"
eng	positive	"@Essjayleam Thanks for the refollow too! :)"
eng	positive	"I slept less that 7 hours last night, preparing myself for possible naps :p"
eng	positive	"@ochoaofficiaI idk :p she follows me😎💁🏻"
eng	positive	"I feel like having a relapse :-)"
eng	positive	"Girl : nice wallet. Boy : Prada hai.. Girl: you're so rich then.. Boy: stupid, I mean bhai ka hai. :p #prada #PunjabisWillGetIt"
eng	positive	"How you? ☺ "@B_Indiie: @Tumeylo morning babe! :)""
eng	positive	"@dualityknight @bravefrontiergl lol sorry /-\ ultor is my very first hitter so...i favor him too much :))"
eng	positive	"@waglington i finished mass effect 1 yesterday and now i dont know if i shoud start mass effect 2 or 100% the game :)"
eng	positive	"Only my bad would remind me to exercise at 1:12 in the am :-).   I miss her. She needs to come back. Now."
eng	positive	"Add me on KIK : ughtmed545 #kik #kikmeguys #kissme #nudes #likeforfollow #musicbiz #sexysasunday :) http://t.co/bgTjjz7fFN"
eng	positive	"It was overwhelming. My groupmates are thankful to me because our group got 1. 75 in a recitation because of me. :)"
eng	positive	"@Moulinparikh Ha! my mistake! Thanks for pointing it out! :)"
eng	positive	"@Junaidogic kyunke Aitchison hai :p look at the responses to my original tweet, you'll know why my brother does this"
eng	positive	"Snapchat me : sexyjudy19 #snapchat #kikmeboys #tagsforlikes #pussy #gay #indiemusic #sexo :) http://t.co/KzdArKKieg"
eng	positive	"@TheFieldhouseCa That's true, indeed! Curvy route :)"
eng	positive	"@CreeperFartss come chill by the fire :)"
eng	positive	"@yknoC that monte/doa header :D"
eng	positive	"Haha X . What The :D https://t.co/Jo7vtQmvSR"
eng	positive	"@50Pips A TED speaker says stress is good for the body another speaker introduce ways to avoid stress :).TED=Thought laboratory :)"
eng	positive	"Things to be Noted Awesome :-) http://t.co/cxqFa4uCWu"
eng	positive	"@ljfifthharmony I might lose a friend today but you know what idc! :)"
eng	positive	"@Bixbersboca good morning to you :D lol its really fuckin dark and it's gonna rain so hard in a couple of minutes"
eng	positive	"@AsianMeerkat @johncrossmirror far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)"
eng	positive	"#FF amazing singer, actress and model @annastaff :-) https://t.co/Cioa8dXbrc"
eng	positive	"@ODubPERV Happy Birthday and see you tonight :)"
eng	positive	"i'm in amsterdam guys wooo :D"
eng	positive	"@MatjazSircelj stuff just happens. :)"
eng	positive	"@Michdabitch_ you have no friends :)"
eng	positive	"NeoBytes :) Universal Pictures seeds pirated movie copy, files takedown notice against itself http://t.co/4ESrPPRXCA"
eng	positive	"@NAYAKHK 2)IndiraG wanted Judiciary to be committed to Govt policy. Now they want RBI to be committed. But I know many have similar views :)"
eng	positive	"@neiltyson What are your thought's on Kepler 452b? :D"
eng	positive	"@1RobBeasley any progress in Stones transfer to Chelsea ?? :D"
eng	positive	"@Flash_y0 GGs bro :) fun series"
eng	positive	"You always be part of me, I am part of you and defenitely...♬ @MOHDBINTANG :p"
eng	positive	"@bryantduncan98 of course man :) Nofx is my shit"
eng	positive	"#friskyfiday Yipeeee :) x https://t.co/nysAkC8IF0"
eng	positive	"@KimbleFrench Morning Kim. Sorry to hear this. Can you shed some light on the issue so we can look into this? :) Helen"
eng	positive	"@martymccarthy1 @ABCRural A great incentive to get kids to eat their Fruit &amp; Veges :-)"
eng	positive	"@KameshRajak welcome sir :)"
eng	positive	"Do you know in average it takes 6 seconds to read this god dam mother fucking tweet.  :)"
eng	positive	"@AdamRichman thanks for favouriting our tweet to you. Up the Mariners :)"
eng	positive	"@FCUnitedMcr getting close now. Can't wait for the new season :)"
eng	positive	"@katelynlander GZ :D what did you named it =^.^="
eng	positive	"Morning all. Day off :-)"
eng	positive	"I guess sleep was just not in my list of things to do today :-)"
eng	positive	"@RK1610IsMe Hai Rajeev..hope u r hvng a funfilled friday.It ws realy amazing to c diff side of Kabir.Fell in luv with u again :) A smile pls"
eng	positive	"just prettier :) and mine :)"
eng	positive	"@JLo HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOO YOU! Best wishes from Dresden/Germany :). LOVE YOU &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  (Please share this) http://t.co/EByoLHnnOI"
eng	positive	"@ConnellJess you wanna be a loser like me ? :) ♥"
eng	positive	"@zaynmalik Zayn please follow me, would mean the world! It's my birthday :D I love you so much, your amazing&lt;3"
eng	positive	"When you're congratulating your friend on his graduation but you lose the plot. :D http://t.co/lRGfvh3yWg"
eng	positive	"0 sleeps! @RachelButterwor is officially on her way to Paris! I cannot wait :) #paris #tdf2015 🇫🇷🍷🍸☀️🇫🇷🚲🇫🇷🍷🍸☀️🚲"
eng	positive	"I put my trust on you! :)"
eng	positive	"@HitItRichSlots Hey there, just a good suggestion, you guys should make a minions slot!! It would be so fun and cute :)"
eng	positive	"Happy b'day @HathwalaThakur :)"
eng	positive	"@PoemPorns hah....and a thousand more lies  :D"
eng	positive	"@flurishing @blxcknicotine wow,looking good isabella! Makes me wanna start working out back :D"
eng	positive	"going to my room now bc i have 3% :-)"
eng	positive	"@Varun_dvn Okeyyyyyy VDDDD :)));))))  So excited can't wait ... ! ! Love selfeeee pics on insta :) ♥♥ special coco .. 🙆🙌😛😄😄😁😂😂🐒😁😝❤ #dishoom"
eng	positive	"@Gangesh_Gugi No thinking of writing myself :)"
eng	positive	"Finally went to the drive in tonight :-)"
eng	positive	"@katelallyx thanks for the follow have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"So Im going to sleep Goodnight :)"
eng	positive	"hello :) http://t.co/VQVmRN3BR1"
eng	positive	"yup i know! okay let me try :) i done it. Hhahhaaa — Haha. http://t.co/ikHF6vKbyW"
eng	positive	"@ABNORMAL_ANA92 i'm supposed to ask where do you buy albums :)"
eng	positive	"6 days to go! :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @thulisiletshele"
eng	positive	"At least there's one cool thing :-))))"
eng	positive	"Hey guys that's my new page! http://t.co/nHvR6teXH2  :) Enjoy http://t.co/XRctjTX4SQ"
eng	positive	"@kindofstrange @ohyoufox Jeeze Tara move on, it's about #TeamCannibal vs #TeamSpaceWhalingIsTheBest now :p"
eng	positive	"Morning gym session done! Feels good to workout early...now to enjoy the rest of the day :) #friyay #workout #fitfa… http://t.co/UjjGXrtMRk"
eng	positive	"I guess I never really identified myself with pharmacy :) #VeryLateRealisation #IWishIKnewBetter"
eng	positive	"@jakastr yeah we know there were lack of few things but hey please do check our final design, satisfy enough? :) https://t.co/EXt098Yq1b"
eng	positive	"@MusicAddictTBH wow! Nice combination :)"
eng	positive	"Charging my speaker up finally got it earlier today :)"
eng	positive	"@bookmyshow Doing :) #MasaanToday"
eng	positive	"@Intoxicationall Later turned out to be now :D"
eng	positive	"@babyytayy_ text me when you wanna meet up and I'll get them :)"
eng	positive	"Not long :) https://t.co/AYsppJcwlg"
eng	positive	"Me and my friends never talk ess-aych-eye-tee about anyone :)"
eng	positive	"YAS.  Thanks @cm_valladolid for these :) 😊 https://t.co/4rNoGpudcX"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/mVWm6PefFG."
eng	positive	"@delafro_ @unbearvble yeah the left one supposedly hurts more bc it's right over your heart apparently. It'll be fine! Good luck :)"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @Brian88071070"
eng	positive	"@starksmurdock AHH THANK U :D"
eng	positive	"niall followed a fan :) and i'm still here without his follow 👍"
eng	positive	"My sisters are the best!!!! Best pre bday celebration :))))"
eng	positive	"@The_Sleigher among my all time fav tweets :D"
eng	positive	"@franklin_25_8 happy birthday g. All the best in life :)"
eng	positive	"@wendy1704 @Queen_of_Orange No need to stress out - they will be with you in time :)"
eng	positive	"@NamanGarg26 no immediate plans but hopefully someday in the future :)"
eng	positive	"@iGroundbreaking Could you make a Foxy's Song version in instrumental form? It sounds so epic on beats alone :)"
eng	positive	"I second that! Well done :) https://t.co/PeTkjvF5af"
eng	positive	"@KristyArnett Your thinking to hard in bed! :p"
eng	positive	"Tomorrow at the #GoldCoast :) http://t.co/yRat44jWAy"
eng	positive	"@Natasha_Thahane I like the way you said it Gal #LeloMustFall, you are so beautifull by the way :)"
eng	positive	"@mistytewest Happy to save the day :) Hope you enjoyed your meal Sam!"
eng	positive	"@anime_narutoINA thank you min :)"
eng	positive	"5G Liker :) . like Fast :*"
eng	positive	"I like such morning when I got dress that I bought :) I'm totally in love with it ♡ #newdress #happy… https://t.co/iJ1Mv1UV5l"
eng	positive	"#ff @LivelyKaty How could ANYONE resist this beautiful smile? :-) #quacketyquack https://t.co/fhndvkscgM"
eng	positive	"@CG_Rated did u mean to hide the fots? :p"
eng	positive	"@Pyarey_Afzal aww thankyou :)"
eng	positive	"Ok good night I wish troye wasn't ugly and I met him today:)():)!:!; but ok today was fun I'm excited for tmrw!!"
eng	positive	"@dotlung indeed :-)"
eng	positive	":) Good Afternoon :D #TwitterFollowersWhatsUp #HappyFriedDay #KeepSafeAlways  #LoveYeah #emojasp_here"
eng	positive	"@CaptaainMorgan okay :))))"
eng	positive	"@nakamuramartin @DamienMcFerran @Kosmikat That makes two of us then! :D"
eng	positive	"@greatestcookie It hurts having to read about people's holidays when being at work :D"
eng	positive	"@mattbarker14 Nice to hear you want to switch to us :). Our Pro Kit would be the best choice for you if you follows this link it will"
eng	positive	"@BowenBBC beautiful...winter? It's like summer in Russia :)"
eng	positive	"@JediEconomist I thought you’d like that mate :)"
eng	positive	"I'm playing Brain Dots : ) #BrainDots http://t.co/R2JBO8iNww http://t.co/ow5BBwdEMY"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/XxdpHuNfvp."
eng	positive	"@slutwantscock dm me? :p"
eng	positive	"@lazybull81 also come game with me :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks :))"
eng	positive	":) Hope you enjoyed http://t.co/W3BNxHVv0w"
eng	positive	"@vapemestoopid Ok,the first time we chat,and then i made such a joke lol .I believe you wont forget me,will u ? :) my name is @DannaQiu"
eng	positive	"@TheBodyShopIND #MyMonsoonStory The Body Shop Body Mist Vanilla,as it works wonderful on my skin :)"
eng	positive	"@VikkFollows :) The best YouTuber out there... keep up the good work man #StarSquad #Sidemen"
eng	positive	"@Miss_Dyna_Mite yaaaaayyyyyy you are my best friendaaaaaaa *shouts like minions* :)"
eng	positive	"@UNAPCTT Thanks for adding us to your list! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste."
eng	positive	"@IGNUK #1TBPS4 Wow! what a prize! so delightful for my eyes, pick me to win and I will burst and sing "PS4 is mine and I feel divine" :)"
eng	positive	"@Garfyville In Bath? :) Even we don’t have wheelie bins, nowhere to put them @paulmutton"
eng	positive	"Getting ready... #UberIceCream @RekolaCZ #messengerforaday :) http://t.co/dnryPnHAD5"
eng	positive	"@chingyapp yeap :)"
eng	positive	"https://t.co/gBIMDzQBY5 Must watch :D #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"@KimKardashian @KendallJenner @KylieJenner @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash Cool..... congrats Kylie!!  U all look so nice    :-)"
eng	positive	"@CathsStrawberry I thought your work was  seasonal, you will have really busy days. Ok so deal for weekends and in your toilet breaks :p"
eng	positive	"@justinbieber YOU ARE DADDY AF... :-)"
eng	positive	"The latest one :) https://t.co/iRHOYxQeln"
eng	positive	"Happiness is when you make the most of what you have now. :)"
eng	positive	"So far so good. Ikaw musta cheatmate? :)  https://t.co/YzJt2feA1u"
eng	positive	"E.L.F: "Thank you for being a singer :)" | Kyuhyun: "Thank you for being E.L.F""
eng	positive	"20 ghanton se light nahi :))))))"
eng	positive	"That one didn't last long. LOL  He has blocked me already.  It must have been all my nice tweets.  They hate them. :) @limelite001"
eng	positive	"When ur skin thinks ur still 16 &amp; decides to break out :-) cool"
eng	positive	"@OdellSchwarzeJG How?Easy.Get up at 5:30 am, go to work, come home bout 6, take care of home and family therein. That's how. You'll see. :-)"
eng	positive	"Thank you Majalah http://t.co/5jjCWZzXuj for having @nabilaAF2013 on your July issue :) Lovely 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼😍😍😍😍😍🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸 http://t.co/zhk7SVrIhE"
eng	positive	"@IaneboyIester into a pity party so :-)"
eng	positive	"#TGIF unless you're one of my students :) Some light reading http://t.co/XxpxBHC4oH on #singapore #heroes #gp #essay #alevel"
eng	positive	"@DominiquePirrie @unlatches @ShinonSai Dominique I'm your biggest fan like oh my I'm from England too can I get a fan sign :)"
eng	positive	"@cyjaexlne good, 'cause I'd like to upload it myself. :)"
eng	positive	"@EnvoClan Goood mornin earthling ! :D"
eng	positive	"@rupal_hs Happy tweeting! Are you liking the new build? :) ^MM"
eng	positive	"@kavonyo okay yay! Ask tomorrow please :)"
eng	positive	"Always :) Be positive!"
eng	positive	"@LampShopOnline  You too Lamp Shop :))"
eng	positive	"My word, @anaturalwedding &amp; @TheStoveRoom - what big sites you've got! Changes a-foot :) #website #development #revamp"
eng	positive	"@bridgetminamore I voted for #brainchild 3 times, please may I have a poem? :D"
eng	positive	"@Anoushy_Aliyan @8624810880Khan @aliapari86 @AyeshaKhanReal @RiddaMazhar Over Confidence Confined U In Ur Own Limits...:)"
eng	positive	"@DanielNewman Wishing you were in Colorado :)"
eng	positive	"Happy #Friday folks!! If your order your #Goodyear #Tyres online @Protyre, you can get upto £40 cashback!! (T&amp;Cs apply) #yourewelcome :)"
eng	positive	"Nightly routine of simpin :-)"
eng	positive	"Add me on the snapchat yall :) give me your @ names"
eng	positive	"@Ekow_bk I'm looking for influencers for my app :) If you're interested, here's your invite http://t.co/ipJ2yOiGet"
eng	positive	"Sketchbook art by love4wilde Drawing of hair I did turned out pretty cool :D #art #hair #colors #colorpencils #cray… http://t.co/tn1yicz40N"
eng	positive	"@6townsradio am tuned back in. With hubby :) can u play him queen pls"
eng	positive	"Fell asleep at like 6:30 and now can't fall asleep and I have to be up in two hours :-)"
eng	positive	"Great night with great people :)"
eng	positive	"@pakalupapito imma use this next time :)))"
eng	positive	"Ob 11h v kino? Why not! :)"
eng	positive	"Goning to make thos a positive day :) you're an adult and i can't keep on acting like your mom.."
eng	positive	"@lindseyasuer Hi! I see u like FourFiveSeconds and think u might like "Deaf Ears" https://t.co/nO9B1b1vtN .Plz let me know what u think :)"
eng	positive	"@WhiteZoey Great, I went to Kardamena, last summer, amazing  beaches and wonderful sea, but this year It's time to go Samos #Greece :) :) !!"
eng	positive	"The chicken in my Caesar Salad was a tad bland, but I can live with that. :) @FreshMenuBLR"
eng	positive	"@carterreynolds i love it how your not afraid to respond to hate :) ily x x x"
eng	positive	"First leg of the @magictrikband tour is going well! :D #music #band #rock #magictrik #tour https://t.co/CQHqWfa7ft"
eng	positive	"@sakshij020 @shabnam_903 okk den call abp n spread it on allover d India n abroad as well :p"
eng	positive	"@rejectzmgc thank you so much! :)"
eng	positive	"@RenboySA Please let us know which store you will be able to visit so that we may inform them and they can be expecting you. :)"
eng	positive	"@mikestone14  Your tweet is very much appreciated! Thank you for being such a dedicated member :)"
eng	positive	"@machado_man4 @TashaShukla @CloydRivers and freedom to hangout with whoever you want to!!!!!!!!! :)"
eng	positive	"I'm liking this :)"
eng	positive	"@JulianGazzia Hi :-) If you're looking for tourist info get our application ZonzoFox clicking this link http://t.co/Y8yTe8E9wg. Bye ;-)"
eng	positive	"its leo season :-) ♌️"
eng	positive	"Life Is All About Kutiyapanti :D  I Love My Life For This :D"
eng	positive	"@MSaito6 @AdeccoWaytoWork thank you for your support :)   #KunoriforCEO #CEO1Month"
eng	positive	"@ZoeyChandler6  we Professional we do hits videos : Wicked Boomshot fuh di world even yours thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@maureenagena Yeeeey, welcome to the club. Its been one and a half years off whatsapp.. and i donot regret it.. :)"
eng	positive	"@pussy_lilac No problem :) it's a pleasure ❤️"
eng	positive	"@f0nzie send one please :) i wont expose or roast &lt;3"
eng	positive	"lemme cover u in lipstick n cran vodka :-)"
eng	positive	"@TheKimTillman ROAD TRIP!!! :D"
eng	positive	"@emily_etc I always walk past this place! May have to go in and try them for myself now ! :D"
eng	positive	"@Circuit500 yeah but now I've lost my 's - calling it a day :)"
eng	positive	"Jummah mubarak to all  Remember me in your prayrs :)"
eng	positive	"@NotJagath are you a member of හෙල හවුල by any chance? :D @Chevindu"
eng	positive	"@GreggsOfficial I missed you baby :) #onemochaonelove"
eng	positive	"Yo Southpaw was a GREAT movie someone better be getting an award for it :D"
eng	positive	"The musical and human genius that is Stromae! :) @stromae @SylvieYonke https://t.co/LzBSWxsQO7 http://t.co/z2zZWgMOm2"
eng	positive	"🔴 LIVE @flippinginja on #YouNow - Jonah and jareddddd :) https://t.co/fINXQiPtSn http://t.co/8zWxLtDwdB"
eng	positive	"@katiemcmillan90 &gt; Message: full name, d.o.b, address, postcode and Talkmobile phone number. Thanks! :)"
eng	positive	"Last classes this morning before two week break! :-)"
eng	positive	"@EmilyBett Happy Happy Birthday Emily! :D"
eng	positive	"ELF Fighting HuHa :D :) My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	positive	"@belittle4u  I may find this very confusing :) *just a simple wolf*"
eng	positive	"@loulou_lucia nice pic :)"
eng	positive	"@rinpunzel_ what are you promoting?:)"
eng	positive	"@hahahakumakichi Yeah! The bird transforms into a sword. :D"
eng	positive	"@KaReeMLSheNawY it is not even a real word :D"
eng	positive	"@babypuffinator it does, you could have misread worse things :p"
eng	positive	"@RickyBaby321 It's not forwarding Richard...it's 'follow' :)"
eng	positive	"@lazariWilliams Hey, You like FNaF? Check out our Youtube Channel! https://t.co/sc9kDhaviX :) via http://t.co/J3sxzzg7cU"
eng	positive	"Yup, happen everywhere when people cant debate they come to name calling :-)  https://t.co/dRiMWpj7ON"
eng	positive	"Just need to get through work today then to Ibiza! :):):) #birthdaymoneyforjesusjuice"
eng	positive	"@lvshak @AllysonMarty anytime :)"
eng	positive	"@PuppyShogun mistakes happen man, as long as we get to play the game, we'll be happy :)"
eng	positive	"@Mathpro314 Hey, wanna check out our YTB Channel? We post Gameplays &amp; Tutorials! https://t.co/sc9kDhaviX :) via http://t.co/J3sxzzg7cU"
eng	positive	"On this one constructive criticism welcomed :) #ganesha #texture #photography #art #hinduism #hindugod #elephantgod http://t.co/QFhF2zUKib"
eng	positive	"@SleekStudioz yes and you've always been selfish as fuck :)"
eng	positive	"@MangleTheLover Hey, You like FNaF? Check out our Youtube Channel! https://t.co/sc9kDhaviX :) via http://t.co/J3sxzzg7cU"
eng	positive	"I WANT to create the FIRST #Bboying #Cardgame with #pixelart #gamedesign :D!!!! What do you think ?? #indiedev #pixel_dailies #gamedev"
eng	positive	"@xemig sounds still like a good idea :)"
eng	positive	"There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. :) _ Bruce Lee"
eng	positive	"Mans singing under the rain :) https://t.co/uj3mnLaJmo"
eng	positive	"Laguna again.  :) see you"
eng	positive	"@Kanhajigi :)) Time nhi tha Office work bahot tha so 10 baje raat ko liya tha Hath me Try to Create Best. But 2 ghante me itna hi bana paya"
eng	positive	"@melfoster666 That's not true. I can quit whenever I want to. :D"
eng	positive	"@brtoon  thank you :) out and about there this weekend so will try my best :) !"
eng	positive	"If u like uta read the manga :-))) you'll love him even more :-))) haha yeah"
eng	positive	"Family hang out :) ^_^ — feeling festive at Jamuna Future Park http://t.co/CXQXINIqJI"
eng	positive	"Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out \:)/"
eng	positive	"@SwiftBlablaCat remember when she sent out all those presents last Christmas?? That was dubbed "Swiftmas" :)"
eng	positive	"@pop_ruth you miss this! :-) http://t.co/upXtepl57y"
eng	positive	"Super proud of @AstonMerrygold :)"
eng	positive	"@ElleDonnellyx @Beverleyknight @mattcardle lovely pics, @MemphisMusical a fab show :-) x"
eng	positive	"morning :)"
eng	positive	"@Tilion_IDK In Tha at case, Trion and their interactions on the forums and on Twitch. :)"
eng	positive	"@roma_cream that's the spirit :) #WsaleLove"
eng	positive	"@OMGitsBern_92  All sorted in the early hours. Thanks again for your help &amp; raising the initial issue. makes the community what it is :)"
eng	positive	"@DeMoorSophie Hii, can you follow me, please? I'd like ask you one thing in dm :)💞"
eng	positive	"@haleyannmcallum Happy B-Day :)"
eng	positive	"@JenLawUS that's disgusting so glad you have your acc back :) I hope they get what they deserve"
eng	positive	"Back to 80s?! A brand new #Commodore64 Programming community is in town now!!!!  :) &gt;&gt;12th August @techspacekrk http://t.co/zAS2l96ljT"
eng	positive	"@alejandrinar32 okay :)"
eng	positive	"@vadervanodin im wearing mine when I dj next fri :-)"
eng	positive	"@AnnabelArrowsmi Thank you for taking the time to tweet us Annabel! We'll pass this on to our London Bridge team :)"
eng	positive	"@DailyBBLife @JulizTwinsBB he already does :)"
eng	positive	"I am in every way like Jess. :) http://t.co/otGCWw1gUu"
eng	positive	"@CocoCuscino happy Friday! :)"
eng	positive	"Short, routine #quest from #Borderlands :) #wanderrook http://t.co/NAPmqm2do6"
eng	positive	"@davidrmoloney thanks for that. You've made my day! :) Let's organise a meeting soon. Are you based in London?"
eng	positive	"I'm that person that has to workout and eat healthy because the minute I don't I gain weight :-)"
eng	positive	"GM   Meet My Precious  My Soft Lady  my Real Friend        Mizz precious :) ;):*        How Many Likes For Her No... http://t.co/G9F2cwO6WZ"
eng	positive	"@iamAhmadshahzad aameen..:) Long Live Pakistan..#BleedGreen..✌🏻️"
eng	positive	"@JIBANG88 already following you back oppa :)"
eng	positive	"Liam and Sophia in Chicago :) ♥ https://t.co/GrD53KA2G5"
eng	positive	"@im_soexcited @alamocitycon Btw, about that honeymoon :) These are for you. http://t.co/fVYAV8v0yO"
eng	positive	"@Charles_Lister Yeah, bring the boom to Da'esh while co-ord with the FSA. #Estatic :)"
eng	positive	"@BrandonHerrigan Welcome :), when's your next meet ?"
eng	positive	"Singer Dusty in TUNISIA &lt;3 Music for TUNISIA &lt;3 it was wonderful, very nice people :-) &lt;3  YOUTUBE:... http://t.co/859XGmZ1W9"
eng	positive	"@el_crd2601  la class's :p"
eng	positive	"@NotThatBobJames Hahaha Go Doug! :-)"
eng	positive	"@FionaBunn1 Forgot to ask, but may I post it on FB? Happy Friday :-)"
eng	positive	"@amorecrudele Visit my blog http://t.co/UzOAqroWKx thanks :D"
eng	positive	"When everyone is fuckin irritating :)"
eng	positive	"That also means, imma go back to being more twitter active :D Cause I know everyone missed me ;) xD"
eng	positive	"@NehamsChamaria @euphonious_tone Hello Ladies! Apologies for the delay. Please DM us your address size details and we'll ship the prizes. :)"
eng	positive	"Here &gt;&gt; Free $5 Voucher for my twitter friends to use on Fiverr :) https://t.co/ozKEhcY9ML http://t.co/nfDSHggVV7"
eng	positive	"@awad_gina @phonicfm @WomenAwards Oh Gina, you have been busy :-) Can't wait to see you and hear all xxx #soproud"
eng	positive	"Happy Friday everyone! We hope you've all had a fantastic week! :) #Friday http://t.co/0ATADpLkMF"
eng	positive	"Yes the One and Only Team :) https://t.co/Q81LMMtmxm"
eng	positive	"@JohannaTurbo88 Happy belated Birthday sweetie :)"
eng	positive	"@cottypne @PaulPNE70 @TrekkingPaul @charlvdh @FcPNE @PNEShirley @mandajohnstone @YvonneOrr @Gem_Pnefc @kimramshead morning Emma :)"
eng	positive	"@mayusushita @dildeewana_ @sonalp2591 @deepti_ahmd @armansushita8 Thanks Guys :)"
eng	positive	"@carterreynolds @hankgreen then why would he say they did? :-)"
eng	positive	"Love makes two hearts one. :)"
eng	positive	"@TeamGtwy Thanks for adding us to your list! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste."
eng	positive	"@MrsBee21 Thanks Mrs Bee!! xxx :-)"
eng	positive	"@MrSteThompson Thankyou :)  @BCMZ_UK @MsMMango @tina_baines @CrownSheringham @LastMinuteUSVac"
eng	positive	"@Tsad Close enought ? :)"
eng	positive	"@TheTwoHalvesAle Good luck...another potential favourite watering hole :-)"
eng	positive	"Bad Boys :) #burgers #melbourneburgers https://t.co/TyD88wr40d"
eng	positive	"who wants to ft me and Arianna :-)"
eng	positive	"Everyone follow @CruelGamingClan :)"
eng	positive	"@lesholly20 Hey Lesley, so sorry they did not get to you, I shall send you some more out in the post tonight :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you Esai :-)"
eng	positive	"@shartyboy Thanks for texting me back :)) I'm not texting you tomorrow :))"
eng	positive	"i unfollow back :)"
eng	positive	"@HantsOnlyTeam hope you are enjoying your stay in Rotterdam. And now you know how to cheer on "our" Jordy Clasie :)"
eng	positive	"@thingforasians hi my hot girl did I say how very hot and horny you are darling xx :) ♥"
eng	positive	"@babynizayn sure. Done. :)"
eng	positive	"@DeniseAlicia_ if the salon bleaches your hair with Olaplex it won't damage it like at all :)"
eng	positive	"It's all about teamwork, right? :D #ZitecOfficeStories http://t.co/ycVA2V6ecq"
eng	positive	"#FF #HappyFriday @SageVatic  @marchicristian @bounceroriginal @BeenFingered @Dj_Mando_Off have a great #Friday :-)"
eng	positive	"@JavsNH sure :)"
eng	positive	"@SBS_MTV #다쇼 #GOT7    Let's have got7 facts :)"
eng	positive	"@monkeymademe the @raspjamberlin is still on tomorrow? A work colleague is interested in bringing his kid along :) can point him to EB page"
eng	positive	"@krigsmamma Tack &lt;3 :D"
eng	positive	"T'would not be a TweetUp without you @coleman_21 You are  booked on @Sabrina_Boat rest assured. @MButlerColesHR We have you booked on too :)"
eng	positive	"Thank you so much @ABCTV - I didn't know the greatest magical detective #JonathanCreek was back on TV! Off to set the DVR now!! :)"
eng	positive	"getting home at 4 waking up at 9 :):)"
eng	positive	"@KatCrisp1 Thanks for taking time to tweet this Kat :)"
eng	positive	"@mogadeet It's been a lot rarer in my life than on twitter :)"
eng	positive	"okkkk frends milte h break k bad :)"
eng	positive	"What could be more fun than a sexy girl? TWO sexy girls :) 👉 http://t.co/S7kW8WESbs 👈😘 http://t.co/p7EnTlcsum"
eng	positive	"@SpongeZim .. Thank you Mario... Have a wonderful Friday.... :))"
eng	positive	"@Daniilarkin1 Have fun Danielle! Hope it goes well :-)"
eng	positive	"@amyewest Thanks! I hope you've got a good book to keep you company. :-)"
eng	positive	"@iflixph yeah i've watched them before but of course rewatches will now be ad free and faster I hope :) thank you, i look forward to more!"
eng	positive	"@yusufyuie priced around 1600. I'm gonna forward you some info about it to your email so you can decide if you're interested :)"
eng	positive	"@tangerinebean Has A got out of bed yet? :-)"
eng	positive	"@pottorty awwww! Sige next time u know na punta kayo dun, imma make sure na we'll go din! :-)"
eng	positive	"@tributes4u sure thing :) x"
eng	positive	"...because it's Friday :D (y) http://t.co/MD55NIzEnQ"
eng	positive	"@comicbookhes of course, i would like that :) x"
eng	positive	"@lolArnav NOOOO i didnt even know thats how you actually typed it out i googled :)"
eng	positive	"i found my prompt :-) http://t.co/f2HU2dalox"
eng	positive	"just chillin w/ my salmon :)"
eng	positive	"to see beauty, you have to believe in its existence first :)"
eng	positive	"@Jay_05_ HI J, you can upgrade from T-Mobile, Orange or EE with us. DM your mobile number to me and I'll ask sales to call you :)"
eng	positive	"@vickybeeching congratulations, really looking forward to the book and some good Sunday morning viewing. That's an awesome teapot BTW :-) x"
eng	positive	"Three refreshing cocktails for an even «hotter» summer! Which one suits you? :) #londoutrading #cocktails http://t.co/JHJVzHOXLQ"
eng	positive	"I LOVE YOU :) &lt;3"
eng	positive	"@hinanRana WIP. Let me get a few things tweaked and I'll link you up :) Max kal tak."
eng	positive	"@BrowhausUK fab giveaway :)"
eng	positive	"@PXC_Macavity In case you didn't.. it's on my Facebook wall. :p"
eng	positive	"Stats for the week have arrived. 3 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/VHA72j8cqp."
eng	positive	"HOME ALONE :D"
eng	positive	"@EmilyBett wishing you a happy birthday have an awesome fun filled day :D"
eng	positive	"@ellefie @serial I will let you know if I hear of anything :) xx"
eng	positive	"Wayward Pines later!:)"
eng	positive	"@yasminyasir96 yeah but it will be better if we use her official Account :) Like The Other @PracchiNDesai ❤️"
eng	positive	"@MelodySpetko Rock muscles! :D #iLikeit"
eng	positive	"@BlooodofoIympus @johncrossmirror far from it. Being LFC fan makes me expert in spotting mental weakness and lack consistency :-)"
eng	positive	"Check this page belonging to one of our Watford Community Housing Trust enterprise cube particpants :-)... http://t.co/ZwaOnouXpo"
eng	positive	"@MinseokBr follow back me pleasse :)"
eng	positive	"@hufflepuffjimin omg thats such a sweet thing to say thank you :-) yeah i used to go to saudi arabia a lot because of my dad"
eng	positive	"#TY! "@dean0133: #FollowFriday @fredgarden8 @joeodiete1 @WillowRaven for being top influencers in my community this week :)""
eng	positive	"@zouiriaII Good luck for ur exam :)"
eng	positive	"We are the one and only approve and recognized Fanbase for BAILONA :)"
eng	positive	"It's nice seeing people changing what they need to fix. Because they care. :)"
eng	positive	"Your happiness is your responsibilty. So, don't ask others to make you happy! :) #FB"
eng	positive	"off to the park to get some sunlight : )"
eng	positive	"My happiness. :) &lt;3 https://t.co/m1VBOMyhhm"
eng	positive	"@SaddestTiger @davedittell   Good night, Tiger!  Sweet furry dreams!   : ) xxoo"
eng	positive	"@SleekStudioz nice one :)"
eng	positive	"Who wants to elevate from your position? Who wants a promotion! Who wants the favor of God and the favor of men... :) http://t.co/cOECx9BBNd"
eng	positive	"I'm so insecure tonight :-)"
eng	positive	"@InsertCoinTees @ViralNinja @AppaWarcow @alibakes @ibsdawg @andrearene @Just_Ge0 @JustTeddii @EGX @MattPascual &lt;3 you guys! :)"
eng	positive	"@ShevoyzOfficial  @MADrigaaaal  @TheConconFelix  @Kalangitan  @khenlizardo  and Dan God bless you all.  Meet and Greet soon :)"
eng	positive	"mom + :) = horror movie"
eng	positive	"@FVCKL oh hell yeah :) I'll be expecting a text next Tuesday"
eng	positive	"@sabahulhaq You're welcome Sabah :-)"
eng	positive	"Match day Bitchessss !!!  Real Madrid vs Man Shitty :D"
eng	positive	"@brianteeman @GW1992 I squashed the commits. Did it still make 200 commits? :)"
eng	positive	"@smallfastloud @dangerbayley we are down in the west country this weekend so next riding day is Tuesday :) sunny weekends all around"
eng	positive	"@Gurmeetramrahim #OurDaughtersOurPride Many Many Congratulations to you PAPA ji :)"
eng	positive	"@itsbecca65 thanks becca :)"
eng	positive	"@DeltaDaily @DeltaGoodrem love the new song Delta you rock :)"
eng	positive	"@jonny_ives we saw this and thought you might need an upgrade as the girls are getting bigger :) http://t.co/AzDWGWAPBb"
eng	positive	"at first I did love you, but now I just wanna fuck, late night thinking of you until I got a nut :-) :v  "look... http://t.co/8YhLcb16Lf"
eng	positive	"Enjoy a cute baby panda! :) http://t.co/9m6RWHsQEr http://t.co/UO77pIgatL"
eng	positive	"@imynnx done yun :)"
eng	positive	"Watching Joe dirt 2 :)"
eng	positive	"@lee_ball @imikerussell @SocialBro Ohh #HappyFriday! Thanks for the love team. :)"
eng	positive	"Always be positive :). #postive #selfie https://t.co/FDFpAD3wzd"
eng	positive	"@ShaggyCoe Good morning Sharon. I really hope she is doing better today too &amp; that her medicines works. Thank you, I will :) ttyl x"
eng	positive	"@gculloty87 @linda_regan Oh fab Gav she's a lovely lovely lady Linda talked to her a few times on here great actress :D X"
eng	positive	"@joiredve follback :D"
eng	positive	"@magicbricks Answering super sonically Fast :) Would love to win with you for the very first time ;) #GOHF"
eng	positive	"3hrs before.. :) tym to prepare"
eng	positive	"@deadmau5 dieback music pack totally worth it! It's awesome :) #dota2"
eng	positive	"@SammyAlbon morning! :)"
eng	positive	"I think I might endit my London photos &amp; vids into a Minecon &amp; a London video :) just to look at and remember the great time. *-*"
eng	positive	"@ta_radio1035 @prillybie ok... sering2 play yah min.. HAHA :))"
eng	positive	"@Btigzy @McJamKeyper JoeRine scene :))))) JOSHANE POWER TANDEM"
eng	positive	"@MCunleashed :D I can't sleep until I need to. If I try I just lay in bed bored"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 6 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/zWIln6s729."
eng	positive	""I shouldn't b called a friend if I am not there when needed" :) ...https://t.co/lfSZl8UbXt"
eng	positive	"Hello Ligao City, Albay! :-)  #Concert #BCYC #LNHS https://t.co/3Lzz3xvAYp"
eng	positive	"goodnight ! i love Luke with all my heart :-) all my love 💜"
eng	positive	"@KylieDeVille Happy Birthday!! Enjoy your vacation!:)"
eng	positive	"@Satbains1 Congratulations Sat on your 3rd honorary degree from everyone at Alacer :)"
eng	positive	"Hey Raspberry Island  : skelo_ghost :) Want to get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Kindly check my bi0. Thx https://t.co/TO0kTgrY0y"
eng	positive	"@aliaa08 @colors_infinity @karanjohar Thank u!!  :)"
eng	positive	"@_Halie13_ thanks for being so great!:) ❤️😘"
eng	positive	"@QueenBiankee You deserve all of that and madadagdagan pa yan :-) Congrats again :-) #BMC &lt;3"
eng	positive	"Save your money  Or use them in a good way Money is money  It's for better life And fun :) Have a nice day  11:11"
eng	positive	"when u find our ur friends ditched u "cause of a lot of things" :) WTF HAVE I DONE IM ACTUALLY A NICE PERSON"
eng	positive	"@VarunKiAliya23 Then Order Some Dress.. :) :)"
eng	positive	"@Megalos_K I like your eyes :D"
eng	positive	"@grillo_23 @sleepyjoe2 @Karnage90 @RichardDawkins Dear person, please study before embarrassing urself. Entropy works 100% w/ evolution :)"
eng	positive	"@Dahlialien yes I will stay in touch :)) are you on Instagram??"
eng	positive	"Looking forward to this! Always love Giggle Loop. Two other great acts too :) https://t.co/4JwMhC45Fr"
eng	positive	"Cheers for the mention... even if it's in the wrong section :) https://t.co/7453UA7n6Y"
eng	positive	"TY again dear Eva. I'm totally agree with you :-))) @anvy2446 @4HUMANITEEs @SexyAF12 @kikbella @adasamper @RachelLFilsoof Keep Smiling u all"
eng	positive	"@iansomerhalder here in Spain is morning :) Good morning Ian!"
eng	positive	"On another note, found this in Camden Town... :D worked to. http://t.co/MDtJGcXopb"
eng	positive	"won't even talk to me just great :)"
eng	positive	"@Ileana_Official ohhh 'll wait for 28 :) luv uhh"
eng	positive	"@AmberMarineArt Thanks for the favorite! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste."
eng	positive	"@hansolotto with SCoups^^ they are for 17 like jren is for nuest!:D"
eng	positive	"Oh lovely lovelayyy! Thanks! It is ok about the kidney.. I don't want it anyway. :p https://t.co/ZbO0cjqhzG"
eng	positive	"Neuer Post Online :) @elfcosmetics Fixing Spray http://t.co/V0Rm1BsEIj"
eng	positive	"@TechnoBuffalo do check us out!:) http://t.co/y3xHComvwr - Untangling was never easier! #DTangle #patent #innovation"
eng	positive	"No class today but I traine with some friends :)"
eng	positive	"@JORGEACISNEROS okay let me get my bat :))))"
eng	positive	"No one falls in love by choice, it’s by chance... :) ♡"
eng	positive	"@The_Quirk  and you would have to email me on (Donnae.Strydom@westerncape.gov.za) -  :-) ta --- @helenzille"
eng	positive	"@ArchieDait That's great to hear, we'll be sure to pass on your thanks to our staff :) -Nic"
eng	positive	"@chordoverstreet just seen this at uni.. He has more talents :) http://t.co/eNq3XuOPSN"
eng	positive	"@msarosh Uff Itna Miss karhy thy ap :p"
eng	positive	"@SP4NKO Aww love it. My kind of men :))"
eng	positive	"this #mca money tells my story :) http://t.co/I5Xs6tQE9W"
eng	positive	"@KatGraham_Italy You did save their lives! :-)"
eng	positive	"Hey Juaquin  : V3NZOR99 :) Want to get iPh0ne 6 for FREE? Kindly check my bi0. Thx https://t.co/ETZhxUbtKc"
eng	positive	"@booogley because you're breaking out of your shell :-)"
eng	positive	"Truth. :D http://t.co/EI7VtynLOx"
eng	positive	"@chuckaikens Fantastic. Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@polarizehes heyy :) can u rt this link https://t.co/WztNf8e6cO and tag michael? please. thank you"
eng	positive	"@MariaSharapova The hashtag says it all ................ :)"
eng	positive	"@JonsCrazyTweets still more green tea blends with other flavors. :)"
eng	positive	"@MaslowFanArmy i'm very excited for what's coming :) he really deserves it."
eng	positive	"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows..... :-) :)"
eng	positive	"@ChrisMitchell91 sometimes :-)"
eng	positive	"@AlexCarranza21 I'm so sorry! I ran out with a friend after having a rough day. I'll try to stream on Saturday! :)"
eng	positive	"@ciaela get well soon :) xx"
eng	positive	"Me + Bed = Best couple ever :)"
eng	positive	"@Motts is my favorite apple sauce :)"
eng	positive	"@scousebabe888 Nice Holiday Honey!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-) Kisses"
eng	positive	"@awselu follow back me pleasse :)"
eng	positive	"@ajm9890  Thakyou sir :)"
eng	positive	"@beat_trees thank you Beatriz :)"
eng	positive	""@TeamBaiLonaOFC: Rt to be in Bailona group chat ,   Mention  @imJANExoxo to be approve FANBASE :)""
eng	positive	"@cinghh @imvnaj @BahetiRidham party cancel :p #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1"
eng	positive	"@SwitchingToSave Thanks for the follow :-) Hope you've had a great week?"
eng	positive	"Puff pastry egg tarts. Hot and fresh from the oven. :) @ Wan Chai MTR https://t.co/HLkgHwatJM"
eng	positive	"@IsaacKirop Thank you for following us :) if you like cool new products, check out our campaign: http://t.co/qv2DwDbGI3"
eng	positive	"making Alyssa rub my tummy :)))"
eng	positive	"ALMOST DONE WITH MY MASTER SWORD :D -Princess Zelda http://t.co/dPcL2mGjdc"
eng	positive	"@Bruneluni ive emailed you regarding course query! :)"
eng	positive	"@SivaKaneswaran  Happy Birthday 🎂  @JayMcGuiness  #Jiva for ever :) 🍹🍸🍻"
eng	positive	"@dxela77 Awesome news mate. Well happy for you :)"
eng	positive	"Jumma Mubbarak :)  To all ❤❤"
eng	positive	"@dspdavey Gorgeous, Deborah! Good taste! :) You can use coupon code COLOURDEB for red, purple or blue here:  http://t.co/MXEKsnMvvX Thanks!!"
eng	positive	"@19strawberry66 im sure it wasnt anything we're not already used to :) Glad ur home!"
eng	positive	"@PB_Furniture @whittakerdesig1 @smart_bn @Klick_Business @HartleysRooms @REDlineCC @RedBizUK @earlybiz Woooo! Happy Friday friends :) #ff"
eng	positive	"Planning to send my email to chippy's vessel on Monday with PS : Happy Anniversary haha :))"
eng	positive	"Computer #sex? Count me in ! :) #funny #vintage http://t.co/ClwnnMFV0D"
eng	positive	"@dontyk if it's no use to you, I'll pick it up next time I'm down :) yeah, I'll cook in my nice big kitchen! 😍😊"
eng	positive	"@RockMyWedding @SouthFarm1 @JohnHopePhoto @MirrorBridal @Dune_London @Coast_Stores @EtsyUK @Etsy @blankcanvasent Love it! Great collage :)"
eng	positive	"* ✫ ✧ ˚ @Louis_Tomlinson ✧ · ✵ ⊹ Thank you for always putting a smile on my face Mind following me? :) Have a nice day x 1710"
eng	positive	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - GooffeAnottere #snapchat #kiksex #snapme #lesbian #instagram #mpoints #mugshot :) http://t.co/p4IqffSWJp"
eng	positive	"Can't sleep so much I want to do for all you love bugs but I only made 33 tokens never mind they are yours :)"
eng	positive	"Gamer Follow Train! Follow Me Retweet this Follow all who retweeted Gain active followers :) 110"
eng	positive	"@quintonjournals Look forward to hearing your thoughts :) #maritimenation"
eng	positive	"Stats for the day have arrived. 2 new followers and NO unfollowers :) via http://t.co/TRfnv7X9GN."
eng	positive	"@The_RHS There's some stunning show gardens @ RHS Tatton Park Show. Wonderful designs, construction &amp; planting :) http://t.co/E9nEtLezT6"
eng	positive	"Here you behave or else u jump_Julias Malema :D"
eng	positive	"Hello :) Get Youth Job Opportunities follow &gt;&gt; @tolajobjobs @IvanVissies"
eng	positive	"Have a Great Friday Frens :-)"
eng	positive	"@NASA nuf with the teasing already - show us the aliens now - everyday we seem to get closer to seeing our alien cousins :-)"
eng	positive	"New monitor goodness :D"
eng	positive	"Good morning Kimmy :) @KimberlyKWyatt"
eng	positive	"@zoomtv @kdruls @mishrasugandha is your channel's show #PlanetBollywoodNews 's full epi available online?! :)"
eng	positive	"Evolution ! :D http://t.co/6el4C2C0uF"
eng	positive	"@harryperfx fback?:)"
eng	positive	"i love airports :-):-))"
eng	positive	"I love you too :) And now I want corn chips :) @SoldHerSoul"
eng	positive	"@terrylancashire @junkeedotcom Thank you :) Tricky bt v important subject."
eng	positive	"@SwgGuy Hah.... :D Don't say sorry..."
eng	positive	"Be-shak :p http://t.co/hvJGkLnVTK"
eng	positive	"@chewy4cutie but you can with me :)"
eng	positive	"@KChenoweth Happy Birthday, Miss Chenoweth! Hope its a great one... have oodles of cake :)"
eng	positive	"@fwmkian Happy Birthday Gorgeous Hopefully i'll see you at the fair :)"
eng	positive	"im going to bed i love hailey and milks CrAźY SęXXXÿ CøÔL runway look :)"
eng	positive	"That feeling when someone shares a review you worked hard on :D"
eng	positive	"gooodnight i love all the boys and iv ris zoe katy jaycy jen :)"
eng	positive	"Well buds, guess I'm going to bed, goodnight guys, see you in the morning, or whatever I woke up :)"
eng	positive	"@bigcomedyuk @WilsonsKitchen @lisaflutterby thanks for the follow have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@Team_BaiLona Thank you :)"
eng	positive	"@SabrinaKeane it's not a bad thing!!! I think we all have weird faces!!! It's rad :-) thanks though!!"
eng	positive	""You make me alive, You make me suffer, You make me feel..   Addictive song i always sing in KARAOKE :-).."
eng	positive	"@ontokkiland he really is such a cutie :D"
eng	positive	"Ltsw here we gooooooo! :-)"
eng	positive	"@djcunningham Thanks for the favorite! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste."
eng	positive	"@5SOSTumblrx I threw my phone at the wall :)))))"
eng	positive	"@aleeshajulia @IAPI_Updates that is a giant balloon! I want one :)"
eng	positive	"we just face timing :) http://t.co/UoqAstlhxO"
eng	positive	"@GP2_Official what's the hashtag for the weekend guys? :)"
eng	positive	"@SarahFHandley this one looks like it needs much more careful study I'll favourite it for later :-)"
eng	positive	"@CorcelEscort your welcome hun :) Thanks for following me!"
eng	positive	"@SocialRMadrid its 12pm here :)"
eng	positive	"@ThessaNaomi THANK YOU SO MUCH MOM FOR GETTING @sadcuddleashton TICKETS :)"
eng	positive	"Thanks Manila_bro for the follow! Let's connect soon. :)"
eng	positive	"@_Lineo_M_ LOL I sometimes tweet from @Coach_Yanga account lol but only on days when we are both home but I dont have a lot to say now :D"
eng	positive	"* ✫ ✧ ˚ @Louis_Tomlinson ✧ · ✵ ⊹ Thank you for always putting a smile on my face Mind following me? :) Have a nice day x 1709"
eng	positive	"@daniameows i hope one day he'll fall in love with a strong woman to let him see all the things that he refuses to see now. :)"
eng	positive	"@Wirral_In_It @bevclack @sharpeleven  Actual LOL! :)"
eng	positive	"@grrl_afraid that's such a great idea, be lovely to have a fellow veggie! :-)"
eng	positive	"@ManipalHealth c) 75% is made up of collagen #ans2win #HopeToWin :)"
eng	positive	"@MandaAssa awww thanks hey, a million :). Enjoy your weekend hey"
eng	positive	"@V4Violetta Or that. I guess I need to build my content around my image inventory a little bit then :)"
eng	positive	"Gamer Follow Train! Follow Me Retweet this Follow all who retweeted Gain active followers :) 1"
eng	positive	"Snap me :) @lulgeann"
eng	positive	"What brings you #together with your #friends and #family? #LoveForFood #FoodForThought #ThoughtForTheDay :) http://t.co/L06NhpQ9xk"
eng	positive	"@aatishn  carpe diem Mr Nath :)"
eng	positive	"@da_kar yep I'd been doing it without Ning it then was recommended a book and thought wow! This is it :) I think general positivity leads to"
eng	positive	"#TY "@dean0133: Appreciate your recent Retweets @SaracenConsult @joeodiete1 @Gelatiscoop have a great Friday :)""
eng	positive	"11:11 meet michael and hug him so tight and talk to him and tell him he's important and that I love him so much and make him smile :D"
eng	positive	"me: as long as i feel comfortable im gonna wear what i want my mother: haha...that sounds nice...but no :-)"
eng	positive	"@richardosman congratulations to you daughter! :D"
eng	positive	"goodnight I love everyone but hate myself because in stupid :)"
eng	positive	"@ailyngarciia Thank you for filling me in! Although my opinion still stands, BUT we can just agree to disagree, no harm done! :)"
eng	positive	"@StormyKittyhawk You'll see me Saturday :p I'll see you then Stormy :D"
eng	positive	"Its time 2 party :D http://t.co/hjnT6v40eT"
eng	positive	"@RblSports upgraded ans synced up. Plus it can be done from a single remote device. Getting there folks. :)"
eng	positive	"@em__scott haha I know!! Not messing about :D"
eng	positive	"Want to say a huge thanks to @WarriorAssaultS @uktac @BolleSafety @Mechanix_Wear @Airtech_Studios @Hexmags #FF Thanks for the support :)"
eng	positive	"@KingsmenLead Found the song you mentioned; the Nylons on the GVB cd 'It Takes a Mountain.Titled 'Do unto Others ' #theworldwouldchange :)"
eng	positive	"@PascalPrecht @thoughtram as it's related to you I would make a new category on your blog. Then everything is on one place :)"
eng	positive	"yah know I'm good at faking mah emotions :)"
eng	positive	"It's going to be a nice Mother Daughter day out today :)) even though it's raining this morning! Have a great day folks xx"
eng	positive	"idk but cant wait for tonights panel to be up for people :)"
eng	positive	"@GlamDianee :) now, i have a reason more to dream...."
eng	positive	"I'am ELF, hbu? :)"
eng	positive	"@luhanqutie follow back me pleasse :)"
eng	positive	"@hswift65 @roseofthesealee PS I took 80-1 so I am hopeful on all counts :-)"
eng	positive	"* ✫ ✧ ˚ @Louis_Tomlinson ✧ · ✵ ⊹ Thank you for always putting a smile on my face Mind following me? :) Have a nice day x 1708"
eng	positive	"@Neenkin yeah Neenkin congrats on your successful masterpiece! :) 🎉"
eng	positive	"Goodmorning.   Just smile through the debit orders :) it will all soon be over."
eng	positive	"Thanks @UKRunFree @MMNNActionUK the work you do for the beagles is amazing, you are incredible! :)"
eng	positive	"Rt to be in Bailona group chat ,   Mention  @imJANExoxo to be approve FANBASE :)"
eng	positive	"Remember someone :) ♫ See You Again (feat. Charlie Puth) by Wiz Khalifa — https://t.co/vVAyGndwnL"
eng	positive	"@8inky @LadyCranium @Nathan_Webb of course :)"
eng	positive	"@DSprayberry @BaysideBand @AnthonyRaneri @tylergposey Hi Dylan and Tyler!! :) ♡♡♡♡♡"
eng	positive	"@CelestialTea is my favorite tea :)"
eng	positive	"all i've done today is watch law &amp; order: svu. i love being sick :-)))"
eng	positive	"@BLACKTOGXLD my pleasure :D enjoy your day!!"
eng	positive	"Fine day :) https://t.co/VxnsjOVZdm"
eng	positive	"As the morning wears on, its getting darker. Is it end of world day today instead of September? :-)"
eng	positive	"@bernadettesout1 LMAO! LOVE it, Bernie! :D"
eng	positive	"@natasghar lol ... Morning :) ... It's wet but hey it's Friday :)"
eng	positive	"@OhhhTommyC i aint never uploading lol. Also found another vid of u dancing to henrys trap; keep going on your fitness journey tommy! :)"
eng	positive	"@creativegossip yes I think it will b stupid to discuss abt wild card entries as of now Now jst waiting for Vivian's performance :)"
eng	positive	"New Blog! An Important Life Lesson I learnt from watching this movie :) Something that everyone needs to remember! xx http://t.co/gco9IJqdcT"
eng	positive	"I'm not the best, not the most perfect, but I promise to love you with my whole heart. :)"
eng	positive	"@nair_rinku -Its u with transparent...glasses..:-)"
eng	positive	"@bitcoinagile thanks for sharing Bitcoin News Stream, have a great Monday :) (insight by http://t.co/rMjqzWRE37)…… h http://t.co/a4DNHbw78q"
eng	positive	"@nickhunterr Yes it is :D"
eng	positive	"@ClimateRetweet Thanks for the retweet! :) Make sure to keep in touch for more news of our light bulbs made from corn waste."
eng	positive	"@keab42 I rang in sick yesterday, then told them I'd be back in today. I'm better this morning anyway, and I have a day off on Sunday. :)"
eng	positive	"@basementgalaxy Ping! I'm watching your TL like a hawk! :D"
eng	positive	"@namcew make use of the masquerade mask!!!! Lol #zorroreturms :-)"
eng	positive	"@CFVUF We hope it helped! :-)"
eng	positive	"@JamieLou93 Congrats to you and Ryan, Jamie! Delighted for you :) xx"
eng	positive	"* ✫ ✧ ˚ @Louis_Tomlinson ✧ · ✵ ⊹ Thank you for always putting a smile on my face Mind following me? :) Have a nice day x 1707"
eng	positive	"@Zap_Experience Thanks for the mention, happy Friday :)"
eng	positive	"ye to #Pk hay :p https://t.co/TSLYvAClux"
eng	positive	"@joogstonemakeup Hi Jacqueline, we're so sorry to hear this. Please DM us your contact details and we will give you a call :)"
eng	positive	"A passion for beer which ultimately made its way to become a full-fledged business :) http://t.co/8vAYzUGK9p #Entrepreneur #Startup"
eng	positive	"@Bespoke_Bride @ConfettiWedding @festivalbrides @RocknRollBride @RockMyWedding thanks guys :) was fun :) another 1 ;) http://t.co/AbVIfJ3814"
eng	positive	"@ZerbuTabek Hi I'm only seeing workplace one in my venue list. I'm not sure how to fix this? Thanks :)"
eng	positive	"Oh wow thank you @GarnierSA :) my skin going to be perfect by the time I head to Lagos #Travel http://t.co/3DiloYW9MJ"
eng	positive	"wow luxord looks really amazing here in his new kingdom hearts 3 promo art !! :) http://t.co/FFJU1rlJpC"
eng	positive	"New potatos from the garden - and hundreds more to dig up :)"
eng	positive	"@HowToFixMyCar Love it! :D @CrienaLDavies @HelenRoseTerry1 @PrestigeDiesels @star_aline1 @LeahRebeccaUK"
eng	positive	"Thank you. Have a lovely weekend everyone. :-)) https://t.co/1CcpcLlzic"
eng	positive	"Well this totally blew my mind this morning : ) https://t.co/jjXcm44YPJ"
eng	positive	"@thevieweast Of course! Now I've been cited in an academic paper I feel I've arrived :-)"
eng	positive	"Life is smile :)"
eng	positive	"@twigtwisters thanks for the info :)"
eng	positive	"@UrstrulyMJ i will surely watch pokiri  1nenokkadine are my all tym favs :-) #BajrangiBhaijaanHighestWeek1 @raman_akshay @urstrulyMahesh"
eng	positive	"yang on retweet ~! :) :D"
eng	positive	"Who's still awake ?:)))"
eng	positive	"@John_BHarris @FakeGhostPirate @F1StatMan @xownage133 It was a heritage sword made of wood, so no :D"
eng	positive	"@andrewsmith1443 You're right ! Thx Andrew &amp; have a great day :)"
eng	positive	"@Migogos so true :)"
eng	positive	"@colorlessmoemoe i beleaf in u :-)"
eng	positive	"@Niallll_1Dx it's a cool video i love it...:) thank u"
eng	positive	"Season 11 set ♡ Have a nice Friday #SPNFamily ! :)) #SPN11 #AlwaysKeepFighting #JaredPadalecki #JensenAckles http://t.co/mGAYutmknZ"
eng	positive	"@theguyliner @Trishie_D cool. :D"
eng	positive	"@fczbkk Exactly! :D"
eng	positive	"@kevinngmingyuan peasant seats to watch a peasant team...I don't mind :p ahahha"
eng	positive	"@chriswiggin3 Chris, that's great to hear :) Due times &amp; reminders are indeed planned, both will be available in the not too distant future!"
eng	positive	"@RachelLiskeard Thanks for the shout-out :) It's great to have you aboard @inkfunnel"
eng	positive	"@side556 Hey!  :)  Long time no talk..."
eng	positive	"@staybubbly69 as Matt would say. WELCOME TO ADULTHOOD.... :) http://t.co/zHQy0iyaCP"
eng	positive	"@DanielOConnel18 you could say he will have egg on his face :-)"
eng	positive	"RT @ScottWalker: Didn't catch the full #GOPdebate last night. Here are some of Scott's best lines in 90 seconds. #Walker16 http://t.co/ZSfF…"
eng	positive	"RT @RobGeorge: That Carly Fiorina is trending -- hours after HER debate -- above any of the men in just-completed #GOPdebate says she's on …"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: #GOPDebate w/ @realDonaldTrump delivered the highest ratings in the history of presidential debates. #Trump2016 http://t.co…"
eng	positive	"RT @GregAbbott_TX: @TedCruz: "On my first day I will rescind every illegal executive action taken by Barack Obama." #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	positive	"RT @WayneDupreeShow: Just woke up to tweet this out #GOPDebate   Best line of the night via @GovMikeHuckabee http://t.co/6OV5hxHIcV"
eng	positive	"RT @pattonoswalt: I loved Scott Walker as Mark Harmon's romantic rival in SUMMER SCHOOL. Look it up. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: Cruz has class &amp; truth, that gets my vote! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"“@DanScavino: #GOPDebate w/ @realDonaldTrump delivered the highest ratings in the history of presidential debates. #Trump2016 Fox say thanks"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@ChrisStirewalt: Big moments were @RandPaul vs. @ChrisChristie, and @realDonaldTrump reaction to women question. #KellyFil…"
eng	positive	"RT @KarrattiPaul: Join ISIS and sign your death warrant, Signed @tedcruz next President of the US󾓦  #GOPDebate #WakeUpAmerica #CruzCrew htt…"
eng	positive	"RT @FrankLuntz: Before the #GOPDebate, 14 focus groupers said they had favorable view of Trump.  After, only 3 saw him positively.  http://…"
eng	positive	"RT @_Holly_Renee: Just made my first donation to @CarlyFiorina. So impressed by her #GOPDebate performance. #Fiorina http://t.co/JLfhFvZ7ST"
eng	positive	"RT @MsPackyetti: Donald Trump's campaign reveals 1 important thing: Twitter Trolls are real people.  And they vote.   That should scare eve…"
eng	positive	"@marthamaccallum @billhemmer #gopdebate Bill and Martha were the A Team in the first debate. 2nd debate was an ambush."
eng	positive	"RT @Franklin_Graham: 1st #GOPDebate--Encouraging to see several candidates express their faith in God and His Son, Jesus Christ. http://t.c…"
eng	positive	"RT @BrandonDHowell: Great way to start Friday. #CarlyFiorina @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate http://t.co/1ai9CuZ8bY"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: If elected, on my first day as President, I'll rescind every illegal and unconstitutional executive order enacted by Pres. Oba…"
eng	positive	"Even though she's a super conservative reporter, I actually like Megyn Kelly's interview style &amp; she did great at the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MelissaGracey: Credit for this joke goes to someone else but it is funny! #GOPDebate http://t.co/iCreDSSplR"
eng	positive	"RT @Reince: Simply incredible. http://t.co/apXM8AO8jf Last night's #GOPDebate doubled the previous record for most-watched primary debate i…"
eng	positive	"Had a great time watching the #GOPDebate last night http://t.co/qCmxMU8MLP"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: John Kasich helped Ohioans create 350,000 new jobs. He can do it for America. #GOPDebate http://t.co/kBzfBJyp2C"
eng	positive	"Please help the Maryknoll Sisters replace windows in their convent https://t.co/fDgXG3VV13 #Catholic #gofundme #trcot #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Republicans Debate Economics: Rubio Wins, Bush Falters, Huckabee Exaggerates http://t.co/mOlloaQhWQ #GOPdebate #knowmorenotless @GPNAPLang"
eng	positive	"You're right Last I heard @SenSanders was that only women could give birth to s child. Has that changed? #GOPDebate  https://t.co/5HkCefp1hf"
eng	positive	"RT @CharlotteLaws: Chris Christie is really standing out at the #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @libertyjibbet: Hey .@realDonaldTrump You know who didn't whine about "unfair" questions? @CarlyFiorina Grow a set why don't ya'. #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"RT @TeamMarco: Marco nailed it on abortion. We must protect life. #GOPDebate http://t.co/Nn6S7dO22J"
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 @CarlyFiorina #Carly2016 #GOPDebate @FlyoverCulture @LeahR77 @steph93065 @MaydnUSA http://t.co/…"
eng	positive	"RT @ScorpionsPriest: Best moment of the #GOPDebate last night: Rand telling Christie to go get another hug from Obama."
eng	positive	"RT @SiteROI: @GovernorPerry fights back against "what will you do abt immigration" Q. Says border is porous, and that must be fixed first. …"
eng	positive	"#Trump is right about @megynkelly but really needs to study Matthew 7, verses 3-5. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ygNprhiehV"
eng	positive	"@USFree4life I thought @seanhannity had the best post #GOPDebate interviews of the night, gave them all a chance 2straighten their position."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate 2016 #teamdrbencarson @RealBenCarson  WOW! Brilliant, Cool, Calm &amp; Collected.#empowering"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: #GOPDebate Winner! Drudge 50% (187K) @realDonaldTrump  TIME 46% (25K) @realDonaldTrump  FOXSD 49% @realDonaldTrump http://t…"
eng	positive	"IMHO #GOPDebate  winners #MarcoRubio #Kasich #DonaldTrump  Losers #ScottWalker #RandPaul #BenCarson  All others were completely forgettable"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: SMALLER GOVT: Ohio government payroll is smaller than it's been in 3 decades. http://t.co/IGfIF4J1TT #GOPDebate http://t.co…"
eng	positive	"RT @CarlyFiorina: I know how extraordinary this nation is. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#rubio still my preference but i can see point of his critics over opportunism, inconsistency #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"Did @realDonaldTrump ever tell @megynkelly to go wait in the car? Her bad attitude suggests it. #WarOnWomen #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TheTexasPhoenix: He was on fire! .@GovernorPerry's "On Fire" Debate Performance: https://t.co/0A1w02w7SZ #GOPDebate #Perry2016"
eng	positive	"After the #GOPDebate all of the promises being made by startups at this tech conference seem quite reasonable."
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: John Kasich is ready to lead. Join the team, Claire!: http://t.co/dy8KnZ122T   #GOPDebate https://t.co/KnWmIDeqtY"
eng	positive	"So excited for @johnkasich #GOPDebate #Kasich4Us #Republicandebate #kasich2016 been waiting for 20 years!!"
eng	positive	"Cruz has class &amp; truth, that gets my vote! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @BernieSanders: Tom Hanks. Finally. Somebody who makes some sense. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate #Trump is Breaking Records! So what he's not a polished Politician. Makes me love him even more.  https://t.co/TgOwCHxf3x"
eng	positive	"Passion of the #GOPDebate #ReligiousUpaMovie"
eng	positive	"RT @NRO: "@marcorubio got the best reviews, and deserved them." Read more of our #NREditorial recap of the #GOPDebate ---&gt; http://t.co/sTzw…"
eng	positive	"RT @kesgardner: Brutal question to the AssClown from Megan Kelly. The lesson here: be careful what you tweet on Twitter! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Best closing statement: @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChrisChristie: We have to stop worrying about being loved &amp; start worrying about being respected. #TellingItLikeItIs #GOPDebate https:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @mattkbh: These were far and away the best tweets of last night #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate http://t.co/GzdLtYuMNn"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews did great by challenging the candidates in #GOPDebate. If these candidates can't handle a tough question they could never b #POTUS"
eng	positive	"RT @Conssista: Rightly so Frank. Rightly so. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/32CFasI17d"
eng	positive	"RT @carljacksonshow: #BenCarson great close! He operates on brains so he doesn't worry about skin color. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @CampeauElliot: Dr. Ben Carson did a great job tonight! Loved your closing statement! @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump You killed it last night at the #GOPDebate glad to have some that cares for America  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
eng	positive	"RT @YoungBLKRepub: When the #GOPDebate is more exciting than anything else on tv in the past 10 years...."
eng	positive	"RT @abbijacobson: Shiiiittt, it's tough to say who is making me more horny. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@bullriders1 @Olivianuzzi @daveweigel The #GOPDebate was better than I thought it'd be, though candidates finessed issues with sound bytes."
eng	positive	"#JebBush was so thoughtful in #GOPdebate - #reThink911 http://t.co/k37hnbe2jy"
eng	positive	"Huh. Watching @FoxNews debate #1 and so far, the moderators and the participants are better! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#Fallon to Jon #Stewart: "Please Come Back, I Can’t Do It Alone" https://t.co/IUa0hy2UC6 #GOPDebate #Politics"
eng	positive	".@megynkelly displayed "utmost authority" at @foxnews #GOPDebate, critic says. http://t.co/8JbvwJTj3T http://t.co/mel8jxm19b"
eng	positive	"Donald is my hero.   #GOPDebate http://t.co/9ZZFLChJQO"
eng	positive	"@ChrisChristie won the #GOPDebate last night. Only candidate who answered questions directly and not afraid to take on tough issues."
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: .@FredBarnes, @weeklystandard: "Mike Huckabee was the star of the Luntz focus group show. When he spoke, the feedback …"
eng	positive	"Watching the primetime #GOPDebate this afternoon, I think @BenCarson2016 was the real winner, quiet but effective"
eng	positive	"RT @CatholicLisa: Hats off to Ben Carson for using the term "useful idiots" re: Hillary Clinton and the secular progressive movement. #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnAmato: I actually agree with @AndreaTantaros on something. She said @realDonaldTrump didn't hurt himself in #GOPDebate and I concur."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Like Ben Carsons brain. Mike Huckabees heart. Marco Rubios soul. Chris Christies fight. John Kasichs hope. Add Carly Fi…"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: Creating jobs is our greatest moral purpose because they strengthen our families &amp; communities. #GOPDebate http://t.co/80Xe…"
eng	positive	"RT @nevagphx1: @CarlyFiorina Magnificent at the first #GOPDebate. I support Ted Cruz as POTUS, but would support you as running mate or POT…"
eng	positive	"Kasich the clear standout among #GOPDebate cannon fodder. But his record contradicts statements on LGBT acceptance: http://t.co/YNucKULnjV"
eng	positive	"RT @1216BJ: #GOPDebate: Carly Fiorina Dominates Social Media, Even Beating Out Trump - Fox Nation http://t.co/VUeEveRdDy"
eng	positive	"RT @WayneDupreeShow: Disagree all you want  #GOPDebate was hit job on @realDonaldTrump and calculated mute job on @SenTedCruz @RealBenCarso…"
eng	positive	"I actually agree with @AndreaTantaros on something. She said @realDonaldTrump didn't hurt himself in #GOPDebate and I concur."
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Let's take America from Hope to Higher Ground. Will you help? --&gt; http://t.co/tky8Smc27y #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate http:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @RealBenCarson: May the Lord guide my words tonight, let His wisdom be my thoughts. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: "He was just so eloquent...He knew what he was saying. He believed what he was saying." #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate https:/…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Debate was good once they quit throwing crap at @realDonaldTrump and got substantive.  Candidates handled the "gotcha" questions."
eng	positive	"So who watched the GOP Debate last night and saw Trump #DonaldTrump #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident"
eng	positive	"RT @chooseliferacer: #GOPDebate Never lose focus on the truly important issues #DefundPP &amp; #PraytoEndAbortion http://t.co/OxIoW3YjS4"
eng	positive	"This is an amazing degree of commitment to a running joke http://t.co/VpxxlxEvHi #GOPdebate #photobomb"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: .@FoxNews focus group: "He was very articulate, very relatable, &amp; made a lot of good points." #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate h…"
eng	positive	"NOT A FAN OF #FoxNews @megynkelly but she deserves better than to be called BIMBO by #lDonaldTrump for doing her job  #GOPDebate #UniteBlue"
eng	positive	"Excellent post-GOP debate analysis from my friend @rmanning957 of @LimitGovt ... http://t.co/gIUogvMNNc #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @WhoIsSizzle: Hillary spent the #GOPDebate with Kim and Kanye ... This is what I love to see http://t.co/H9T0a4IJxX http://t.co/KqS216nB…"
eng	positive	"RT @WAGNERGIRLE: Thank you @tedcruz for speaking out on #govermentcartel   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #SecureTheBorder #GOPDebate http://t.co/…"
eng	positive	"Which candidate really likes hugs? The one word that defined each one's #GOPDebate http://t.co/RGHrEnzEwI http://t.co/rZZzG0m3P0"
eng	positive	"RT @LittleLadyCassy: #GOPDebate Loving Fiorina. Smart and on point!"
eng	positive	"GmaDawny: RT RhondaWatkGwyn: #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot #teaparty #pjnet http://t.co/Ba4O0Kwluu"
eng	positive	"RT @JGalt9: Love that Cruz introduced a bill to strip citizenship from Americans who join ISIS  #GOPDebate http://t.co/MylrLV0U7e"
eng	positive	"RT @richarddeitsch: .@FrankBruni on #GOPDebate is a writer at the top of his game: http://t.co/jTs30aLyUi"
eng	positive	"Kind of glad I didn't get to watch the #GOPDebate yesterday. Better for my mental health! 😊"
eng	positive	"Really thought @marcorubio had a solid performance last night! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Smartest &amp; wisest man in the room last night barely got any speaking time, I'm a little salty about that #GOPDebate @RealBenCarson"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: "@GovMikeHuckabee had a good night...he did well tonight." - @BretBaier #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate https://t.co/FN6m0gMKnq"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@tedcruz gets powerful response from @FrankLuntz focus group. #KellyFile #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RickCanton: #CruzCrew - the outsider. Always tells the truth. Honors commitments. #GOPDebate http://t.co/WHEoRxlcid"
eng	positive	"RT @zellieimani: Ben Carson: No one seems to see me or cares what I have to say .   But racism doesnt exist. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	positive	"RT @AlexisinNH: Two debates, one winner: Carly http://t.co/piewA1JCcc #Carly2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: Crazy day, fun night, exhausting week. This is moments before the #GOPDebate - firing up for the big event. http://t.co/vwG…"
eng	positive	"RT @thecjpearson: Called it. #GOPDebate #2016 #CruzToVictory http://t.co/P5JEm3cfpW"
eng	positive	"RT @pattonoswalt: They're talking about Hilary like she's John Wick. I love it. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Trumptastic #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	""@CarlyFiorina was one of the biggest winners Thursday night without even stepping on the prime-time stage." -@CNN #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @bodybynance: Absolutely! I have authored Kate's law. The leader of our OWN party BLOCKED Kate's law #CruzCrew #GOPDebate http://t.co/84…"
eng	positive	"Everyone still talking about what a great job @RealBenCarson did at the #GOPDebate last night. Articulate and very good points made. 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼"
eng	positive	"Chris Christie: Pro-Life Republicans Should Never Apologize for Being Pro-Life http://t.co/mDMnEd8lGq #GOPDebate http://t.co/T8olJo68Mj"
eng	positive	"I had to laugh when #Huck mentioned the pimps. Get 'em all Mike! #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot  https://t.co/lMoH591w9T"
eng	positive	"RT @brianstelter: Overnight #'s: #GOPDebate had a 16.0 household rating. The biggest GOP debates in 2011/12 had 5.3 ratings http://t.co/vhL…"
eng	positive	"Omg @megynkelly! I am not a Fox News fan and not a Clinton fan.. But she did an amazing job last night, impressed with her qs. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @sallykohn: I think @megynkelly won #GOPDebate!  Hard hitting questions of concern to majority of voter, not just fringe GOP base.   #Me…"
eng	positive	"RT @FredZeppelin12: Priceless. @CarlyFiorina cleans Chris Matthew's clock post-debate. This woman is a contender  #GOPDebate  #GoCarly    h…"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: A great #GOPDebate discussing issues important to the American people: https://t.co/WeMKfA9vLN Join our fight: https://t.co/xV…"
eng	positive	"Rightly so Frank. Rightly so. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/32CFasI17d"
eng	positive	"#Winning #CruzCrew 😎 Keep It Up! #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate  https://t.co/uR7q4KjRfx"
eng	positive	"RT @ChristiChat: #WakeUpAmerica  @SheriffClarke I Agree!  @CarlyFiorina is a FORCE!  #TCOT #SisterPatriots #Carly2016 #GOPDebate http://t.c…"
eng	positive	"Ok, @tyeblue makes me giggle 😂 #Guuuurrrl #GOPdebate https://t.co/4JKa5BUHXv"
eng	positive	"RT @MrGeorgeWallace: The other candidates are stayin' pretty calm considering they assume Dr. Carson's gonna mug them at some point. #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"RT @nerdist: Trump's really great in Orange is the New Orange #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#Trump2016 #GOPDebate The Illuminati want him out, but he will win the same http://t.co/2kVlxWB9Kd http://t.co/zyCvnY4NOq"
eng	positive	"RT @PamelaGeller: LOVE CRUZ! "If you join ISIS you are signing  your death warrant." Go Ted go! Anyone that joins ISIS loses their citizens…"
eng	positive	"RT @americansunited: Blog: God made a cameo appearance in last night's #GOPDebate. We're sure there will be more to come. http://t.co/01llp…"
eng	positive	"RT @jonmcclellan: Watch @TedCruz strong closing statement at the #GOPdebate: Video: https://t.co/kQlgCBaV7p #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"Usa is waking up!! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump treated @RandPaul like the little gnat he is.  #GOPDebate #tcot #trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GoTrump"
eng	positive	"RT @NaughtyBeyotch: RT @AllenWestRepub "Twitter declares @CarlyFiorina the #GOPDebate winner  " http://t.co/lX0RkaHzMQ"
eng	positive	"RT @ChronFalkenberg: "The military is not a social experiment. The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." Huckabee sa…"
eng	positive	"Amazing! Marco Rubio schools @ChrisCuomo on when life begins: https://t.co/PrKLk6X4Ji #ProLife #GOPDebate #TCOT"
eng	positive	"RT @JHoganGidley: VIDEO: @GovMikeHuckabee Crushes Frank Luntz @FoxNews focus group: http://t.co/zTrUVoFwGG  cc: @FrankLuntz #Huckabee2016 #…"
eng	positive	"RT @NaphiSoc: I am more committed than ever to support Democratic nominee thanks to #GOPDebate  and any "Dem" who even hesitates is not a D…"
eng	positive	"Bernie Sanders is a fucking national treasure.  @BernieSanders  #FeelTheBern  #GOPDebate  #JonStewart  #DonaldTrump  #Bernie2016  #Democrat"
eng	positive	"RT @FreedomJames7: Who Wants A Hug? #GOPDebate http://t.co/iaTS8vyx7c"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump wins 1st #GOPDebate! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #TrumpForPresident 🇺🇸 http://t.co/2P8dW…"
eng	positive	"No one summed it up better than #BernieSanders. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/jL65PKp3Ua"
eng	positive	"I'm impressed by @CarlyFiorina. She's classy, inspires confidence &amp; trustworthiness. Everyone saw her dominate "happy hour". #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @becca0mae: I don't know who won the debate, but @Writeintrump definitely won the award for "best #GOPDebate live tweeting""
eng	positive	"RT @alexandraheuser: GOOD POINT  Wait 'til you hear him in a SERIOUS Debate! #GOPDebate #FoxNews  https://t.co/IGhQI3LgH9"
eng	positive	"@GovMikeHuckabee Thought you did a good job articulating the issues. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @lilwolf30: Rubio has spoken the #truth! #WakeUpAmerica #GOPDebate http://t.co/Cl2BuZXQYZ"
eng	positive	"Why's THIS the most retweeted comment of the #GOPDebate? B/C it's more truthful than anything any GOP candidate said https://t.co/nicl3cYjPs"
eng	positive	""@FoxNews: .@brithume: “The best closing statement was @RealBenCarson's.” #GOPDebate #KellyFile http://t.co/WKQIhlnXn4" . . . i so agree!"
eng	positive	"@SteveDeaceShow Since Ronald Reagan, @tedcruz is definitely the nominee #Conservatives have been waiting for!  #tcot #GOPDebate #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"Walker kept his points tight and clean but I want to see him run the clock longer in the next debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: 2015 #GOPDebate Winner? Time has @realDonaldTrump leading with 42%.  #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸 http://t.co/dOckS…"
eng	positive	"@tweetreachapp Of course. It'd be cool to see which users ranked highest for #GOPDebate tweets, too. After all, we're the tweeters."
eng	positive	"Best moment of the #GOPDebate last night: Rand telling Christie to go get another hug from Obama."
eng	positive	"I was pretty impressed by Rubio, Kasich, and Cruz in the primetime debate last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @AmandaWills: Personally, this was my favorite moment from last night. #GOPDebate http://t.co/AIvDiPqw5r"
eng	positive	"RT @Franklin_Graham: As you watch the #GOPDebate, pray for the future of this nation and that America would turn back to God. #PrayforAmeri…"
eng	positive	"RT @blondieforkeeps: @Koolmoe21 I want a #trump for president shirt!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @rabite: The winner is clear: @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate http://t.co/w2gxqowO4P"
eng	positive	"RT @JaxT0520: Done with @FoxNews after last nights #GOPDebate @megynkelly showed her true colors but @realDonaldTrump shined! #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate: Ted Cruz’s Precious Daughters Steal The Show: There were certainly some “did they really just say ... http://t.co/jzlh4Lrzh4"
eng	positive	"RT @guypbenson: I predicted big ratings for Fox's #GOPDebate. I did not expect they'd be this big... http://t.co/IJseDrcUlZ"
eng	positive	"@sallykohn @megynkelly Megyn you are now officially charted on the Moonbat Hit Parade.   #MegynKelly #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Kasich making a better showing so far than I thought he would #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @sarahbh319: @OneRationale I'm on the fence between Huckabee and Cruz. Honorable mention to Rubio. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Jeb Bush: a proven conservative record &amp; proven record of winning #gopdebate https://t.co/vN45Hf6YEM"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina Magnificent at the first #GOPDebate. I support Ted Cruz as POTUS, but would support you as running mate or POTUS. HONESTY!"
eng	positive	"I hate that I missed the #GOPDebate last night but these @FoxNews high lights are on point. 🐘🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"Two debates, one winner: Carly http://t.co/piewA1JCcc #Carly2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 @CarlyFiorina #Carly2016 #GOPDebate @steph93065 @MaydnUSA http://t.co/Pk45i5Zvk0"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate  Was interesting to watch, some candidates had some good points about the how the economy has change in the 10 yrs ."
eng	positive	"Debate Preformances: Kasich A- Rubio A- Carson B+ Christie B+ Trump B Bush B Cruz B- Huckabee B- Paul C+ Walker C #GOPDebate #Kasich #Rubio"
eng	positive	"RT @PhillyD: I went to a gay wedding.  "Applause" And there were black people there too! "Standing ovation" #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Scott Walker's Wisconsin Is Seeing The Fastest Shrinking Middle Class In America http://t.co/zoPokedb8L #GOPDebate #VotersFirst #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"Winners of #GOPDebate Sen. @MarcoRubio &amp; Former @HP CEO @CarlyFiorina by far best Republican Presidential Candidates http://t.co/v9QDpMpkK4"
eng	positive	"RT @daveanthony: Chewbacca should be up there just roaring every once in a while.  Would fit right in.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Yay, social issues next!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @jphoganorg: After #GOPDebate #FeelTheBern can step over fallen #Hillary2016 #Justice #FBI #FEC to dissect too of 22nd Amendment: http:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @LeahRBoss: @CarlyFiorina spanked the boys tonight. She wasn't even on my radar. Is now. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I thought @megynkelly did an awesome job at the #GOPDebate personally"
eng	positive	"RT @RMConservative: Cruz's line about #CampaignConservative cuts 2 the core of the issue with GOP &amp; also the shortcomings of #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson Excellent job last night at the #GOPDebate. Class act all around. Proud to have you as a Republican candidate. #BenCarson"
eng	positive	"RT @marcorubio: .@Skye820 If we're going to make this an American Century, we've got to empower small businesses. Thanks for your question …"
eng	positive	"So looking forward to listening to @DRShow's news roundup this morning!  "You couldn't look away" #GOPDebate  http://t.co/o8rTITVGdt"
eng	positive	"RT @marcorubio: If I'm our nominee, we'll be the party of the future. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@SenTedCruz had best answer of night in response to immigration. Its not stupidity, it is how both sides want it.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Interesting #GOPDebate analysis. @marcorubio clearly excelled as conservative leader we need. Go @TeamMarco! #tcot https://t.co/pve8wuodke"
eng	positive	"Gotta love @megynkelly #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @jjosephwilliams: 16% of United States homes with TV sets tuned in to #GOPDebate. Wow. http://t.co/TRs8vMWJYg"
eng	positive	".@ljcambria @realDonaldTrump Don't forget to vote for him! Especislly when he has to go Independent! #LULZ  #HUCKSTER #RNC #GOP #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Executive Experience Matters  #gopdebate #ccot #gop #teaparty #imwithhuck #tcot #th2016 #RenewUS #wakeupamerica https://t.co/uCA5oguT29"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump to primary voters: "Your chances look good for the general election. It'd be a shame if something happened..." #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RickCanton: #TeamMarco - understands immigration better than anyone on stage. #GOPDebate http://t.co/ivvfCxpnN7"
eng	positive	"In honor of last night's #GOPDebate, I'd like to add an exclamation point to the end of my name, and maybe get it put on Jeb! vanity plate."
eng	positive	"RT @DraftRunBenRun: "We are the United States of America, not the Divided States of America." -@RealBenCarson #GOPDebate http://t.co/riTsRZ…"
eng	positive	"Didn't catch the full #GOPdebate last night. Here are some of Scott's best lines in 90 seconds. #Walker16 http://t.co/ZSfFBJmvx8"
eng	positive	"People really need to do their research on Carly Fiorina. She was extremely impressive in the #GOPDebate yesterday. @CarlyFiorina"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: #FoxNews #SanDiego - @realDonaldTrump clearly won the #GOPDebate. cc; @megynkelly @BretBaier http://t.co/Wvr3QHAmrH"
eng	positive	"RT @Gabby_Hoffman: Best @tedcruz line re #GOPDebate: "I will fight to defend liberty because my family knows what it's like to lose it" htt…"
eng	positive	"RT @DeborahPeasley: Multiple shots of Scott Walker nodding behind Ben Carson was one of the best parts of #GOPDebate. The real strength of …"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly, I thought you did a fabulous job at the #GOPDebate debate.  (and I'm a Democrat)."
eng	positive	"RT @Tombx7M: Cruz had a great night. #hannity #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Wouldn't this be refreshing? @tedcruz @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate  #ThinkBeforeYouVote #Stand #WillNeverLie  https://t.co/Vgz4knFXK7"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: .@megynkelly, Some results on how candidates did at #GOPDebate. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #KellyFailed http://t.co/…"
eng	positive	"Winners, losers, &amp; @realDonaldTrump. Here's my round-up of #GOPdebate-&gt;http://t.co/RNUNbPaWgp http://t.co/sfQIwda61G"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Megyn Kelly:A+ Rubio:A Fiorina:A Christie:A- Bush:B+ Perry:B+ Kasich:B Walker:B Cruz:C Carson:C Jindal:C Paul:D- Trump:F Rest:😴"
eng	positive	"@JonahNRO @jimgeraghty When U look at #GOPDebate ask given 1/2 the time in 1on1 debate who would B most impressive? @tedcruz by far"
eng	positive	"RT @4BillLewis: #SocialMedia and the #FoxNews #GOPDebate are the future. #jebbush #MarcoRubio #scottwalker #realbencarson #JohnKasich #Chri…"
eng	positive	"Trump/Carson ticket would win in a landslide... @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @AnnCoulter #Republican #potus #Trump2016 #GOPDebate #trump"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: 2 names should be trending after #GOPDebate, #CarlyFiorina &amp; #TedCruz, the winners of round 1."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate w/ @realDonaldTrump delivered the highest ratings in the history of presidential debates. #Trump2016 http://t.co/Sy3wNqwHTb"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: I'll fight for the U.S. military to be the most feared, respected, &amp; ⁰capable fighting force the world has ever known …"
eng	positive	"RT @FrankLuntz: The biggest (pleasant) surprise in tonight’s #GOPDebate was Ben Carson.  #KellyFile"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews failed @megynkelly appeared follish and @realDonaldTrump ROCKED the HOUSE!#GOPDebate  https://t.co/BUoYE6dNLl"
eng	positive	"RT @LessGovMoreFun: . "The American People Want A President Who Will Tell The Truth" --Sen. Ted Cruz #GOPdebate #PJNET #CCOT http://t.co/wv…"
eng	positive	"After #GOPDebate #FeelTheBern can step over fallen #Hillary2016 #Justice #FBI #FEC to dissect too of 22nd Amendment: http://t.co/4ljEUG3gyE?"
eng	positive	"RT @GrannyT6: #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #DNA defines a person. 5th &amp; 14th Amendments guarantee a person the #RightToLife #DontBackDown http://…"
eng	positive	"RT @comcatholicgrl: @marcorubio slaying #GOPDebate http://t.co/sLFVbkScmS"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump is a treat for us all to enjoy. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@PamelaGeller @AnnCoulter Kim/Kanye are great examples of Hillary's "useful idiots" that @RealBenCarson was referring to in #GOPDebate ."
eng	positive	"RT @AllenWestRepub "Twitter declares @CarlyFiorina the #GOPDebate winner  " http://t.co/lX0RkaHzMQ"
eng	positive	"RT @_rightchick: I just love @CarlyFiorina!! She owned last night 🙌🏼🇺🇸🐘 #GOPDebate #ycot http://t.co/6khqpdqpn9"
eng	positive	"@DerrickBMartin: Stand-outs #GOPDebate   1.@marcorubio 2.@CarlyFiorina 3.@tedcruz 4.@RealBenCarson 5.@RickSantorum"
eng	positive	"@rushlimbaugh You are so #SpotOn Rush about t order coming down Fox to take out #Trump. #GOPDebate I knew it was true on 1st ? #Cruz2016"
eng	positive	"RT @_NateDrake: Really excited about this campaign season. Googling the date now for the #GOPDebate because I want to stay informed and on …"
eng	positive	"I was surprisingly impressed with @marcorubio last night. Definitely is moving up my list of candidates! #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina heard some  of your response from #GOPDebate . They were clear and to the point. Wish you good luck."
eng	positive	"RT @pattonoswalt: Well holy shit, Kasich. Good on you. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Lmfao!!! @KingHilarities you'll find this very funny 😂😂😂😂😂😂 https://t.co/rHTbzSJKUe #GOPDebate #Republicandebate #Lmfao"
eng	positive	"RT @TheFriddle: It would be so epic. I'd love to see Cruz, Rubio, Fiorina debate. Just the three of them. #EPIC #GOPDebate  https://t.co/s1…"
eng	positive	"I SAW that! He's SO good - Stands WAY OUT in this GOP crowd! CONNECTS with people like ME! #Rick2016 #GOPDebate  https://t.co/CjWUMdTdPW"
eng	positive	"RT @greta: .@KarlRove: I think @CarlyFiorina did great tonight - @GovernorPerry did great too -OTR #greta #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	positive	"RT @allegrakirkland: .@realdonaldtrump shared some inspiring applause lines at last night's #GOPDebate: http://t.co/5hWdKfgPxA http://t.co/…"
eng	positive	"RT @johncardillo: .@SenTedCruz is brilliant, principled, and fearless. The future of the party. The est. Rove, Priebus @GOP is a statist di…"
eng	positive	"RT @adamslily: Here's your contrast. #GOPDebate http://t.co/lXaX6wuUnj"
eng	positive	".@BorowitzReport assesses Walker's #GOPDebate performance, via @NewYorker: http://t.co/87P5EeW8W7"
eng	positive	"In the #GOPDebate, @megynkelly was asking candidates questions she thought the left would throw at them if they won the nomination. Smart!"
eng	positive	"RT @SarahHuckabee: .@USAToday calls @GovMikeHuckabee debate closing a “show-stopping zinger” #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @StMarysAtLarge: Taking risks with his candidacy last night, #ScottWalker calls #Jesus by name.  It was worth it.  #Courage #GopDebate h…"
eng	positive	"RT @AmyMek: .@foxnews tried their best to destroy @realDonaldTrump tonight! However, it didn't work….it just exposed your network! #Fail #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: FINALLY a #TedCruz question! And he HAMMERS it over the center field wall &amp; out of the park!! #CruzCrew #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: .@FrankLuntz #GOPDebate analysis, "Who won? @GovMikeHuckabee" --&gt; http://t.co/fWGhqVZ9dG #ImWithHuck"
eng	positive	"RT @BenjaminJS: Getting more excited for the #GOPDebate http://t.co/EfGRo33pMO"
eng	positive	"RT @Raiden679: Good explanation as to why #Trump surges ahead of other #cuckservative candidates. #GOPDebate http://t.co/hagmnn1Tv7 http://…"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPDebate #TrumpForPresident  I put this together for you. http://t.co/TZtK7BC1rm via @chirbit"
eng	positive	"RT @bobcesca_go: Trump won the debate. Christie, I think, was a strong second. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I will support the eventual GOP candidate over Bernie the Socialist, Hillary the Habitual Liar or Biden the Buffoon.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"bottom line is that i will vote for any of the candidates last night over @HillaryClinton #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"17 candidates + #Trump makes the #GOPDebate interesting for a change! Top 10 moments from Thursday's debate http://t.co/1069hw6pbl"
eng	positive	"This #GOPDebate is keeping the spray tan industry alive and thriving! #bringingjobs"
eng	positive	"I want to RT all of @Refinery29 #GOPDebate tweets. There is nothing better on this Friday."
eng	positive	"RT @Raddmom: Did you know that @CarlyFiorina graduated from #Stanford #UofMaryland AND #MIT? I didn't -but know now! #Impressive #2ndLook #…"
eng	positive	"Republicans are turning on Fox News and it is AWESOME!!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChadPergram: Cruz: We need a commander in chief who makes clear if you join ISIS, then you are signing your death warrant. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Marco Rubio debating like a champ. #partyofthefuture #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Carly Fiorina is really impressive, I hope she can get more press and gain some steam. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Why did I have to be at a campground on the day of the first #GOPDebate?"
eng	positive	"@joshtpm #GOPDebate Mission Statement: Tell more people that U love them U never know how much they might need it -C Brogan"
eng	positive	"Boffo early ratings for #GOPDebate: 16% of US households tuned in, 2x the old record. More: http://t.co/FEFIOelxnL http://t.co/4AQNYhWC64"
eng	positive	"RT @sarafeed: Don’t care who your candidate is or what party you vote for, this answer from @CarlyFiorina is on point: https://t.co/DH4iFzb…"
eng	positive	"The second most-retweeted presidential candidate Tweet of the #GOPDebate https://t.co/rybdNPfypW"
eng	positive	"I'd say Bush and Kasich came out of last nights debate quite well. They seem more moderate compared to others? #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: When @TedCruz talks we are such similar souls; this is the 1980 election all over &amp; a REAL Conservative is the ANSWER! #GO…"
eng	positive	"Why is everyone giving @megynkelly a hard time on #GOPDebate? She did a great job asking tough questions. We need that now more thanever!"
eng	positive	"RT @JbthomJohn: Last night's #GOPDebate: what topics merited attention, and which were ignored #GOPtbt http://t.co/tQXw14qzZB"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/ys2n1uflHT #GOPDebate wrapup. @tgradous @marylene58 @LLMajer @larryvance47  @JVER1 @LVNancy @qnoftherealm @usvetram @FreeLion7"
eng	positive	"RT @RickCanton: From what I've seen so far from this top ten debate, #CarlyFiorina is winning this thing. #Carly2016 #GOPDebate #WakeUpAmer…"
eng	positive	"RT @KeltieKnight: @RealBenCarson great job tonight, you seemed like the only one up there with a soul. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Support 1 U like #TCOT This is STILL America but PLS VET so U KNOW what ur getting! https://t.co/hrLWhET2x8 #GOPDebate #FoxNews #iapolitics"
eng	positive	"RT @SarahHuckabee: .@FrankLuntz analysis says @GovMikeHuckabee won the debate —&gt; http://t.co/QUwoCLfs8q #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TexanCat: I am 50 &amp; have never been more proud of a political candidate. TY, @tedcruz. Hope more Americans will soon feel same. #CruzCr…"
eng	positive	"I Strongly Suggest Everyone To Listen To Dennis Prager Today.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @brianmrosenthal: ICYMI: At #GOPDebate, @RandPaul calls out Houston Mayor Annise Parker over #HERO controversy: http://t.co/qxB1edQOzN"
eng	positive	"RT @FWD_us: #Immigration fact: Undocumented immigrants paid $10.6 billion in taxes in 2010. #GOPdebate #economy http://t.co/z1v2FVruBR"
eng	positive	"WHAT IS LOVE? Presenting D Trump at the Roxbury! https://t.co/SERwdl1yfc #DonaldTrump #GOPDebate http://t.co/k5kvYbeij8"
eng	positive	"RT @holly_harris: On @TODAYshow @chucktodd says @JohnKasich helped himself the most in the #GOPDebate. Kasich's 1st answer of night include…"
eng	positive	"RT @RhondaWatkGwyn: It sure was. #Huckabee delivered his message well.  #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot #teaparty #pjnet https:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @ShooterMcGavin_: Donald Trump is the Shooter McGavin of Politicians #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Frank Luntz: #GOPDebate "Great News for Ted Cruz" https://t.co/lZWVLuBgNq via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"RT @SarahHuckabee: .@BretBaier named @GovMikeHuckabee has one of his “winners” of #GOPDebate —-&gt; https://t.co/OBSveWvo41 #ImWithHuck"
eng	positive	"RT @KatiePavlich: Fiorina didn't make a single mistake and made strong arguments with details to back them up. Excellent job. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Retrospect. I liked way @ScottWalker was respectfully #listening to other candidates in #gopdebate pictures. Very revealing."
eng	positive	"RT @KLSouth: Ted #Cruz was the smartest, most articulate man on stage at #GOPDebate - Most Presidential. https://t.co/Umk17vuktJ"
eng	positive	"The #GOPDebate PROVED why @RealBenCarson is here for good.... @rfrasher90 #Neurosurgery #Deserving #POTUS #Genius http://t.co/2fF3OmzjSM"
eng	positive	"Ted Cruz won that debate "Imo"  #GOPDebate "early numbers suggest record audience" yea! people are watching"
eng	positive	"Even the media doesn't get it,  No one won last night's #GOPDebate.  ALL the men further alienated their base.  Carly was the only star."
eng	positive	"I like what Marco Rubio had to say at the beginning actually. #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"@GovMikeHuckabee Was fantastic in the debate.  On to the White House!  #imwithhuck #GOPDebate #th16 https://t.co/MyElASNpnb"
eng	positive	"RT @96Suns: @sallykohn Substantive, vigorous, revealing....it was probably just over your head. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TrumpIssues: Feminists can complain about the temperature in a room being a form of patriarchy, but Trump can't call one of them a slob…"
eng	positive	"RT @mkdclsn: 29 RTs for truth, doing what you say. https://t.co/0RiaOiPYkQ Join @tedcruz's fight: http://t.co/qUSaXyQqVn #GOPDebate #RSR15"
eng	positive	"Trump: ‘I Would’ Shut Down the Gov’t to Defund Planned Parenthood and Obamacare http://t.co/XiwhA8kjf7 Woot! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JacobEngels: .@realDonaldTrump is winning. Key takeaways from the #FoxDebate. http://t.co/DYLhHIHpDT #GOPDebate #sayfie #tcot #gop2016 …"
eng	positive	"What about @BenCarson2016 . The American people should hear more from this guy. Amazed me at the #GOPDebate #OutnumberedFNC"
eng	positive	"What should you do the day after last night's #GOPDebate? Google @CarlyFiorina"
eng	positive	"Did you know that @CarlyFiorina graduated from #Stanford #UofMaryland AND #MIT? I didn't -but know now! #Impressive #2ndLook #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @mynor: This is Men's Warehouse's biggest night. #GOPDebate #ClownCarDumpsterFire"
eng	positive	"RT @RealBenCarson: Just wanted to say good luck to all the #GOPDebate candidates taking the stage shortly for the First Debate at 5:00PM."
eng	positive	"Chris Christie seems pretty chill. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"On substance, Rand Paul bested Christie Kreme. http://t.co/GCsszPjtHT #NSA #GOPDebate #StandwithRand"
eng	positive	"What a great #GOPDebate ! I think the Republican Party won the whole thing. They have some great candidates!"
eng	positive	"#BenedictCumberbatch showed #US   #Instagram #Luv #Lazers #StraightOutta #Brooklyn on fleek like the #GOPDebate http://t.co/eaDMd4rhMs"
eng	positive	"Well yeah...#GOPDebate @GOP @RealBenCarson @megynkelly #CarsonWins #BC2DC16 #ImWithBen #WinBenWin #InItToWinIt  https://t.co/YrhbygJeMv"
eng	positive	"Great article about the craziness that was last night's #GOPDebate  https://t.co/6rwQandCFu"
eng	positive	"I don't like @megynkelly but I will defend her from any obnoxious buffoon calling her a bimbo and insulting women. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @FoxNews: .@JebBush: As governor of Florida, I defunded #PlannedParenthood. I created a culture of life in our state #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	positive	"RT @GrahamVyse: Writing for @InsideSourcesDC, @ErinMcPike argues last night was a good night for @marcorubio: http://t.co/8TE0NZqhRv #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@brithume: Best closing statement was @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Public policy and the #gopdebate or why #donaldtrump is winning. http://t.co/2Tv5M6onVo"
eng	positive	"RT @bensherwood: Across the TV news aisle, a salute to Chris Wallace, @BretBaier and @megynkelly @FoxNews for smart, sharp, unflinching que…"
eng	positive	"RT @rmuench22: This. Is. EVERYTHING. #GOPDebate #HillaryForPresident http://t.co/WrDBMfApbm"
eng	positive	"RT @sydneyvl24: Cautiously optimistic is how I feel the morning after. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 @CarlyFiorina #Carly2016 #GOPDebate @steph93065 @MaydnUSA @LessGovMoreFun http://t.co/oheKLwZARc"
eng	positive	"RT @DeenaZaruCNN: .@RealBenCarson: Thank you Megyn, I wasn't sure I was going to to get to talk again #GOPDebate http://t.co/GNnn9idoNs"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: Tune in! #KellyFile is LIVE from the #GOPDebate http://t.co/O9S38ELWo5"
eng	positive	"RT @_Ms_Bee: Very interesting.#GOPDebate  https://t.co/6INkmV9KZw"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: Over the past six years we've seen the results of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy. Leading from behind is a disaster. #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @BuckSexton: Ted Cruz is positioning himself as all the fight and fury of Trump, without the unpredictability. Smart move. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: We've seen a lot of campaign conservatives, but if we're going to win in 2016, we need a consistent conservative. #GOPDebate #…"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and you-know-who won the Google search war http://t.co/tYQVy0Bhup  @realBenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Polarinski: I have no doubt #CarlyFiorina has the stones to lead this country in a better direction.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChadPergram: Rubio: God has blessed the Republicans with some very kind candidates. The Democrats can't even find one. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"While I sometimes don't like @realDonaldTrump 's character, he's still the only candidate calling it like it is. #GOPDebate #ycot"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate #GOP Marco Rubio had the best zinger of the night "how fortunate we are to have so many good candidates while the Dems have none!"
eng	positive	"genuinely impressed by @megynkelly. Thanks for your thoughtful questions on women, foreign policy, and race #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio #GOPDebate winner in my book! #dale #cuban"
eng	positive	"RT @Clarknt67: I trust #trans solider @OnlyShaneOrtega to protect my freedom over @GovMikeHuckabee any day. #LGBT #GOPDebate http://t.co/zN…"
eng	positive	"RT @nannacassie: #CarlyFiorina knows what she's doing. Name your opponents weakness,name your own strenghths,state what she wanrts,ask for …"
eng	positive	"RT @michaelkruse: I agree with @mikeallen. Marco Rubio helped himself the most. http://t.co/k7tgoYm8Bi @politico #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"IMO @realDonaldTrump was targeted by @FoxNews in a biased attack No choice but 2 b on defens Could not offer any real subsatnce #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Montel Williams Just Endorsed John Kasich For President. #GOPDebate http://t.co/eZ9yL3UXXs"
eng	positive	"RT @sewellchan: "Hooray for Fox News." @FrankBruni's take on the #GOPDebate: http://t.co/c4jRx2mnJd"
eng	positive	"When @megynkelly says, for t sake of #argument, #LetMePlayTheDevilsAdvocate, she means it &amp; no one does it better. #GOPDebate #KellyFile"
eng	positive	"RT @Yowan: "I'm a different kind of Republican" - @RandPaul #GOPDebate  He really is and he needs to show that contrast, instead of panderi…"
eng	positive	"RT @Marnus3: The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @ShaunKing   @Oregonemom   @Joseph_Santoro  @BWheatnyc @S_Cosgrove @cai…"
eng	positive	"EXCELLENT .@michellemalkin WOW #StopCommonCore #CommonCoreNews @AliceLinahan #homeshool #TCOT #CCOT http://t.co/E8uWGy4cHf #GOPDebate #Iowa"
eng	positive	"RT @WAGNERGIRLE: .@peddoc63   @CarlyFiorina KICKED BUTT &amp; looked fabulous while doing it! #FREEDOM #GOPDebate  @FlyoverCulture @LeahR77 @st…"
eng	positive	"RT @MartinOMalley: We must rein in Wall Street. I call on every candidate to commit to these four principles. #WWOMD #GOPdebate http://t.co…"
eng	positive	"RT @laurenacooley: NYT assesment of @RandPaul's #GOPDebate performance... "Made himself matter again." #StandWithRand http://t.co/B54cR1kx4q"
eng	positive	"RT @FredZeppelin12: WINNER OF TONIGHT's TWO DEBATES:  @CarlyFiorina    #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I like senator #GOPDebate #Carson2016"
eng	positive	"RT @toddstarnes: So this isn’t a “Bash Trump” debate. This is a “Destroy Trump” debate. But Trump is still standing. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @mpklasi: Okay @CarlyFiorina I'm listening now. You were amazing last night! #girlpower #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Giving credit where it's due: I thought all three #GOPDebate moderators did a great job. They took it to the candidates."
eng	positive	"RT @JohnGGalt: “We don't have time for tone...we have to go out and get the job done.” —Donald Trump #GOPDebate http://t.co/mIYhIPDkqs"
eng	positive	"After watching the #GOPDebate - today I feel proud to be an American &amp; have @HillaryClinton as my champion &amp; leader. #Hillary2016"
eng	positive	"So glad people finally appreciate honesty. I've got all the honesty you can handle and the battle scars to prove it. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JebBush: The Democrats are wrong: We can grow this economy and create jobs. http://t.co/DwGVs5ZJq7 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"After the #GOPDebate, I'm all #YasKween! http://t.co/2VRyVXpTgU"
eng	positive	"Trump &amp; co drew NBA Finals type viewership for #GOPdebate, MURICA wins again."
eng	positive	"RT @rumpfshaker: Having attended @marcorubio &amp; @GovernorPerry's announcements, I assure you both mentioned illegal immigration as a priorit…"
eng	positive	"I really think a @RandPaul @CarlyFiorina alliance is in order! This would be a political powerhouse! #FOXNEWSDEBATE #GOPDebate #2016election"
eng	positive	"RT @CSingerling: John #Kasich’s Standout Performance in #GOPDebate | http://t.co/UC6zGUjYvM | http://t.co/pNpFOwV7Ix #Kasich4Us #Experience…"
eng	positive	"@GovChristie gave the only intelligent answer on entitlements last night and he only got 65% of it right. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @alainasmith_: Really impressed with Dr. Carson and Senator Rubio tonight #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @urfavrochelle: The best closing statement was "@RealBenCarson " #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"New post! http://t.co/i1LPjGgehD @marcorubio shines #GOPDebate #trump #bush #carson #fiorina #FoxNews"
eng	positive	"Huckabee: 'The Military Is Not A Social Experiment' http://t.co/vV2lxN2U6k Agreed! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnConti78: Article calling @JohnKasich's performance at #GOPDebate 'Fantastic' http://t.co/0qhbseqeZ8  #Kasich4Us #Kasich2016"
eng	positive	"Holy crap! &gt; http://t.co/q81ysLXE47 ~ this lady is as sharp as it gets &gt; @CarlyFiorina ~ watch out boys! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"The best answers from yesterday, in substance and style, came from @CarlyFiorina, bar none. #GOPDebate #Outnumbered"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: I pledge to oppose amnesty &amp; government benefits for illegal immigrants who violated our laws. http://t.co/ejrxeXZtjT …"
eng	positive	"RT @MN2A4ASupporter: With first debate over.... hands down @TedCruz is my pick for President! #GOPDebate http://t.co/g0jq1Y53bo"
eng	positive	"RT @Hardline_Stance: FOX #GOPDebate drew 10 million viewers. No Democrat primary debate has ever attracted anything like this...-- Rush"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson @DrBenCarson2016 #GOPDebate I loved this quote and how true it is!!! http://t.co/9SBG2rXkVO"
eng	positive	"16% of United States homes with TV sets tuned in to #GOPDebate. Wow. http://t.co/TRs8vMWJYg"
eng	positive	"@Suthen_boy Trump exposed the fact that every other candidate is nothing more than the puppet of their wealthy benefactors!   #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Okay @CarlyFiorina I'm listening now. You were amazing last night! #girlpower #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@FredBarnes, @weeklystandard: "Mike Huckabee was the star of the Luntz focus group show. When he spoke, the feedback soared." #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @4gen234: Cruz has had very little mic time, but he's made good use of his time. #GOPDebate #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"RT @lindacohn: Trump showed he didn't belong but did GOP a favor. Better ratings &amp; he brought out personalities and ideas of other candidat…"
eng	positive	"This is my favorite quote of the #GOPDebate This is the only point @realDonaldTrump needed to make.  https://t.co/KwHdfmUvA5"
eng	positive	"Omg when Trump raises his hand and the audience goes crazy. #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: The #IRS is intrusive, invasive, unaccountable, &amp; out-of-control. It must be abolished, once-and-for-all. #GOPdebate h…"
eng	positive	"RT @Montel_Williams: Gaining the most in tonight's #GOPDebate - John Kasich. enough amateur hour. #Kasich4Us @JohnKasich"
eng	positive	"RT @JennHohman: After #GOPDebate He's on top!  Go @RealBenCarson Go!!  #FoxNews and  @megynkelly keep Ben on the air! http://t.co/DgGlgoNasd"
eng	positive	"@BretBaier Not sure why people are giving you and the panel so much heat - I thought you guys were brutally fair and professional #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Washington has done enough lying and stealing – I will protect Social Security &amp; Medicare. http://t.co/9da0D98KdW #GOP…"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: I believe the American people are looking for someone to speak the truth https://t.co/GN0PVY4wLR #GOPDebate #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"@ShawnSuth Don't be misled. It was like a 5/10 tweet party. The #GOPDebate, on the other hand, would have been incredible."
eng	positive	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: I'll protect SS &amp; Medicare. I'll kill anything posing a threat to the promises we've made our seniors. #GOPDebate http…"
eng	positive	"RT @ACPress_Tracey: .@_Hetrick and @ACPressKramer with a great look at @realDonaldTrump's record in AC. Apropos, after #GOPDebate Thurs. ht…"
eng	positive	"Cracking up at @theskimm summary of the #GOPDebate http://t.co/909US3fVLi"
eng	positive	"RT @DrienaSixto: Wohoo! America's youth has the right idea don't cha think? ;) #StudentsForRubio #GOPDebate @_SFRNC http://t.co/L4WvZWwun6"
eng	positive	"RT @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump has complete control of #GOPDebate stage tonight @BretBaier @megynkelly #KellyFailed #Trump2016 🇺🇸 http:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @nannacassie: A small window into #trump tonight. He has a soft side. Being "nice, class act, respectful &amp; fair" matters to him. #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @libertyladyusa: Whoooooooooop! Ted Cruz is wrappin' up with bang!  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @_MusicLuvr: @FoxNews #GOPDebate last night was good. @ChrisChristie &amp; surprisingly @RandPaul brought the fireworks."
eng	positive	"YES HE DID! @RMConservative: #GOPDebate: Did Cruz Trump Trump Last Night?  https://t.co/yrjQlnoj2J via @CR"
eng	positive	"Some would see it as radical but I liked @GovMikeHuckabee idea of using 5th and 14th amendments to stop abortion #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @AnneBayefsky: .@SenMarcoRubio: God has blessed GOP with some very good candidates and Democrats can’t even find one. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @4BillLewis: #Facebook &amp; #Twitter made #GOPDebate interesting #jebbush #realdonaldtrump #marcorubio #scottwalker #JohnKasich #realbencar…"
eng	positive	".@realDonaldTrump totally dominates @DRUDGE_REPORT and @TIME #GOPDebate polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino http://t.co/i6pRS1OLJu"
eng	positive	"Interesting debate last night 😉 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @jasonburns: Shout-out to @megynkelly, landslide winner of last night's #GOPDebate. Amazing job moderating that thing."
eng	positive	"@FoxNews #GOPDebate last night was good. @ChrisChristie &amp; surprisingly @RandPaul brought the fireworks."
eng	positive	"Cruz' closing statement may have sounded like it came from a meat market, but HUGE difference is that Cruz would actually do it. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews #GOPDebate a lovefest for Republican party. Problem wasn't just @megynkelly but all producers involved in burying @realDonaldTrump"
eng	positive	""It is that progressive movement that is causing them the problems." - eloquent words from @BenCarson2016. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Shout-out to @megynkelly, landslide winner of last night's #GOPDebate. Amazing job moderating that thing."
eng	positive	"John Kasich is the leader America needs, but not the leader America deserves. #Batman #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@OutnumberedFNC my wife never heard of rubio, huckabee or cruz.  Loved all 3.  8 yrs ago she was a Hillary supporter.Not anymore #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"'President Donald Trump'. I like the way that sound.  @realDonaldTrump  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I was most impressed with @marcorubio and @RealBenCarson at the #GOPDebate. Way different experience than the #macdebate."
eng	positive	"Just had a great time taping @News12NJ for Power&amp;Politics. Had fun with @waltkane talking about #GOPDebate. Thanks @KarinAttonito. Watch it"
eng	positive	"RT @Dee_Snuts_R4E10: @realDonaldTrump just won on @seanhannity by saying he'd put hillary in jail bc they destroyed Petraeus for much less.…"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly was the real winner last night. #FoxDebate #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @billmckibben: Glad to see climate change a key theme of tonight's #gopdebate. We may differ on solutions, but at least we're all focuse…"
eng	positive	"Everybody loves Carly the Cinderella. Compared with the dwarfs at the other table, she was the afternoon delight. #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @optibotimus: Know what's funny....the #GOPDebate probably has a better score on rotten tomatoes than #FantasticFour 👍"
eng	positive	"Chris Christie did nicely, I think. I'm surprised Fox News didn't hit him with "fat" questions though. #fitnessaspresident #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I think @megynkelly won #GOPDebate!  Hard hitting questions of concern to majority of voter, not just fringe GOP base.   #MegynForPresident"
eng	positive	"RT @feministabulous: I don't always support everything Megyn Kelly says, but tonight she's my hero. http://t.co/QgwM5XG3F9 #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	positive	"RT@brianstelter Overnight #'s: #GOPDebate had a 16.0 household rating. (vs 5.3 in 2011/12) http://t.co/4IH7BTyeaZ http://t.co/e9FIG93k0i"
eng	positive	"RT @LollyOhMy: Good thing #climatechange is not something to worry about! I'm excited about the beaches in Colorado. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @atlcav: All my faves did really well last night: @marcorubio @JohnKasich @RealBenCarson @CarlyFiorina  #GOPDebate  Rubio-Kasich ticket!…"
eng	positive	""Ultimately, liberals were unhappy, which means the GOP did something right" #gopDebate http://t.co/08nrvGEsrA"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: John Kasich knows how to balance budgets because he's actually done it. He will do it again. #GOPDebate http://t.co/LuyfKOK…"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly well done! #GOPDebate suppose to advance survival of the fittest, not protection of endangered species. @greta #FoxNews"
eng	positive	"After #GOPDebate He's on top!  Go @RealBenCarson Go!!  #FoxNews and  @megynkelly keep Ben on the air! http://t.co/DgGlgoNasd"
eng	positive	"It sure was. #Huckabee delivered his message well.  #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot #teaparty #pjnet https://t.co/DwPzCZZrRL"
eng	positive	"Easily the best part of last night's #GOPDebate “@SRShowSXM: Trump takes down Rosie. https://t.co/kC62VtBf6p”"
eng	positive	"RT @TeamRickPerry: .@GovernorPerry has a plan to end sanctuary cities #tcot #GOPDebate #Perry2016 http://t.co/L3cZ6jbRYH"
eng	positive	"RT @DemsRRealRacist: Trump keeps trying to make definitive statements when the #GOPDebate is actually for mealy-mouthed hemming and hawing.…"
eng	positive	"RT @Laural4705: #GOPDebate my opinion, cruz had the best closing remarks, explaining his plan and vision for America. He was passionate, de…"
eng	positive	"With first debate over.... hands down @TedCruz is my pick for President! #GOPDebate http://t.co/g0jq1Y53bo"
eng	positive	"RT @ArsenioHall: BTW ... @CarlyFiorina earned a spot at the "big table" for next debate, don't you think?  #GOPDebate #shebrungit"
eng	positive	"RT @MN4RAND: Glenn Beck is saying Rand is a big winner in the #GOPDebate and Christie is a big loser. #StandWithRand #GetAWarrant  @RandPaul"
eng	positive	"YES! MT @CNNPolitics: .@marcorubio takes a stand on abortion during the #GOPDebate http://t.co/8KAOnV4Kb7 http://t.co/fiQDbU1do2”"
eng	positive	"RT @AgainstCronyCap: Fiorina calls Trump out for giving to Hillary's Senate run http://t.co/huTOQZGYud #Trump2016 #GOPDebate http://t.co/1X…"
eng	positive	"All my faves did really well last night: @marcorubio @JohnKasich @RealBenCarson @CarlyFiorina  #GOPDebate  Rubio-Kasich ticket! #Outnumbered"
eng	positive	"RT @Vara11: @JohnKasich really impressed in last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/RbpOmS07gC #Kasich4Us"
eng	positive	"#@ScottWalker #GOPDebate #winner in spite of the #FoxNews #debacle https://t.co/6B6F2NeeJ4"
eng	positive	"According to ratings today it seems Rubio won the #GOPDebate and I am super pumped. Young, Latino guy is a great image for the new GOP :)"
eng	positive	"No question she should be in the top 10. #CarlyFiorina #CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #GOP  https://t.co/aWF2zNvqVo"
eng	positive	"From watching #GOPDebate last nite, now know Rubio, Walker &amp; Santorum share belief they'd rather see wives die thn "let" thm get abortions."
eng	positive	"All of my faves did really well last night: @marcorubio @JohnKasich @RealBenCarson @CarlyFiorina  #GOPDebate I like a Rubio-Kasich ticket!"
eng	positive	"RT @TomBradysEgo: He got my vote #GOPDebate http://t.co/XMFPoYhcN1"
eng	positive	"RT @warriorwoman91: Carly Declared Winner by Many at the first #GOPdebate http://t.co/82iEpzFJOm"
eng	positive	"RT @KurtSchlichter: Nice Dr Carson. Nice. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio did a fantastic job showing why @MarcoRubio_2016 is the only way to go. #GOPDebate #Rubio2016 #letsgo http://t.co/JGnN2f5qo2"
eng	positive	"Though not the clear winner from last night's #GOPDebate, @JohnKasich search on Google spiked in 24 hours. http://t.co/6smJVSAeHX"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich ate @JebBush's lunch last nite. You get the compassion and moderation without the Bush name. #Election2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @warriorwoman91: I love how @megynkelly who holds the highest position of any media figure on Fox is asking questions about a Repub war …"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews #GOPDebate In the end, impressed with questions and moderators.  Kudos to Fox News."
eng	positive	"Not only Mr. @realDonaldTrump 's polls are #1, but his Twitter followers are spiking up. #1stplace #trump #gopdebate http://t.co/Q9YXEH55EF"
eng	positive	"Ghana got swag  RT' &amp; DL' #InternationalBeerDay #GOPDebate #fridayreads @timayatimaya  #AMAYANABO_cover  »» http://t.co/DRKtW64C1u"
eng	positive	"Where can I watch the #GOPDebate from last night (the 8pm one)"
eng	positive	"Sorry boys, but Huckabee and Carson dominated last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @GordonPress: I would love a Fiorina, Rubio, Huckabee, Walker, Cruz debate. each has great strengths. Who's with me? #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Gabby_Hoffman: .@tedcruz is the smartest, most underrated candidate up on stage. We should be looking to him for leadership. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @PamelaGeller: Ben Carson: "There are no politically correct wars." #amen #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate had more action than the Manny vs Mayweather fight"
eng	positive	"RT @NRO: If you missed the first few minutes of last night's #GOPDebate -- you have got to see this: http://t.co/Rlww9F1Ote"
eng	positive	"RT @hemantmehta: You have to admit: That was more entertaining than any episode of The Apprentice. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#ChrisChristie and #CarlyFiorina what a team they'd make! #GOPDebate #Election2016"
eng	positive	"RT @NARAL: "@scottwalker, given your record in Wisconsin, why should voters believe you?" Great question, #GOPDebate."
eng	positive	"Trump is like napalm sprayed over all the other candidates. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I like Carly Fiorina. I hope she continues to get more air time. She's much better than some of the front runners. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"After watching back, I will say, while not fans of theirs by any means, I thought the Fox News panel was very fair last night. #GOPDEbate"
eng	positive	"RT @KatiePavlich: Audience loves Carson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@ericbolling ppl say @realDonaldTrump needs specifics. so, WHY did #GOPDebate panel give all THOSE type of questions to opponents?! RIGGED!"
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: I loved❤️@RealBenCarson said he doesn't see race because he's a neurosurgeon! Person's skin doesn't make them who they are! A…"
eng	positive	"The #GOPDebate ratings were huge, which appeared to hurt broadcast: http://t.co/DRn2BHOhII"
eng	positive	"Babara Boxer running a CHECK on Carly Fiorina and her record in Calif. Outsourcing jobs, lining her pockets w/$$$, corp welfare #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #walker16 #GOPDebate here's the facts. Check them out. http://t.co/tg2eIAbIfM"
eng	positive	"RT @FrankLuntz: Tonight’s biggest winner may have very well been @CarlyFiorina.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@ScottWalker #GOPDebate #held your own!  Although a debacle for #FoxNews"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: A little #GOPDebate prep with my two best advisers. #CruzCrew http://t.co/nICXayCSI4 http://t.co/fA4EQQhFW1"
eng	positive	"Best thing about last night's #GOPDebate? Following along w @latinovictoryus hashtag #LatinosListen. Gr8 comments by engaged Latino voters."
eng	positive	"Megyn Kelly played footies with Debbie Washerwoman Schultz. She attempted to take out Donald Trump.  #Foxnews #Gopdebate"
eng	positive	"I just finished reading @BuckSexton 's #GOPDEBATE tweets and still laughing until now. Very entertaining (:"
eng	positive	"WOW. The ratings for last night's #GOPDebate are jaw dropping. Nielsen says 16.0 nationwide, most watch debate ever."
eng	positive	"RT @saramarietweets: Trump isn't a career politician either &amp; I like him. Carson just lacks the experience and knowledge. @jaxnmelody @GOP …"
eng	positive	"Rubio might be my new pick for president, he gave some really intellgent answers last night #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @eurorabbit: Only a #Cuckservative would dodge giving Megyn Kelly an earful on #WhiteGenocide #GOPDebate #SmackDown #NRx #tcot http://t.…"
eng	positive	"The #GOPDebate last night was everything I hoped for and more. The internet will be amazing for weeks. #GOPClownCar"
eng	positive	"Trump haters seem especially mad today. I wonder why lol? Whiny little bitches should get over it. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ilirprogri: @FoxNews @lizpeek @realDonaldTrump is highly adaptable! He will improve more than anyone else from the #GOPDebate #Inconsis…"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich #GOPDebate #Out Answer on gay marriage was best ever for Dems and Repubs alike. Gets Independents like me 2 look his way."
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: God has blessed Republican Party with good candidates. Democrats can't find one! @marcorubio #GOPDebate "@ChadHarvey7 http://…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate #GOP #GOPClownCar Best video EVER !!!!!!  Night at the Roxbury with the @realDonaldTrump ! LOL ! https://t.co/uHq5vx44JW"
eng	positive	"RT @saramarietweets: Agree!!! @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate  https://t.co/hIwQ4EMa3F"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: Great conversation with @SeanHannity in advance of tonight's #GOPDebate: https://t.co/gRT7H6mJHG  #CruzCrew, I hope you’ll lis…"
eng	positive	"The #GOPDebate last night got me even more fired up about Bernie #FeelTheBern  http://t.co/3A5MQyKifG"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson at last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/efv4ZagbAW"
eng	positive	"After sleeping on it...the ones that looked most "presidential" 2 me: @CarlyFiorina  @JohnKasich  @marcorubio  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Post #GOPdebate is "OH, #RandPaul was too aggressive!" Do people UNDERSTAND what he knows? He wants to audit the Federal Reserve..."
eng	positive	"RT @ConcernedVets: Thank you @marcorubio for highlighting the critical issues facing veterans at tonight's #GOPDebate http://t.co/iD1ykmir33"
eng	positive	""Bring on @HillaryClinton because we need someone who is a grown-up." @BarbaraBoxer on #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @PhillyD: Aggressively Normal?  Found a name for my new mixtape!!  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Camille Paglia straight calling it in @THR guest column on #GOPDebate. So good. http://t.co/IAPhTO0Gzt"
eng	positive	"RT @DanRyckert: "I like family and friends" is a very brave, bold stance. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Anyone else thought that @CarlyFiorina belonged on the prime time #GOPDebate ?"
eng	positive	"RT @DLoesch: Carson’s goal tonight: Introduce himself to America, make people remember him. I think he accomplished that. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TonetteWalker: So proud of @ScottWalker who has worked so hard to be here tonight. We are your biggest fans. #GOPdebate #Walker16 http:…"
eng	positive	"RT @politichickAM: #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump "If it weren't for me you wouldn't talk about illegal immigration." #TRUTH"
eng	positive	"A debate with no losers: @GOP should be proud | http://t.co/koWXyZUI4z  #GOPDebate #KidsTable #GOP2016 #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: It's called "President of the United States" for a reason.  #Kasich4Us  #GOPDebate https://t.co/pcdhnihp1Y"
eng	positive	"RT @PatriotTrumpet: I heard that @SenTedCruz was a great debater, it's a shame he wasn't allowed to do so. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @bethpariseau: #FF  Best source for what's going on in US Senate: @SenTomCotton Best commentary: @BuckSexton  Best #GOPDebate performanc…"
eng	positive	"Jon Stewart isn't Dr Dre but when he talks #GOPDebate via               #InternationalBeerDay it's The Gift that brings the #FridayFeeling"
eng	positive	"I really like Cruz 😊 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I guess yesterday's #GOPDebate and watching #DonaldTrump was more entertaining than Fantastic Four.  @RottenTomatoes http://t.co/GiMBjTFRtP"
eng	positive	"RT @CarolCNN: Last night's superstar? @CarlyFiorina shines in first #GOPdebate @DavidChalian weighs in http://t.co/nD1coglyPl http://t.co/i…"
eng	positive	"#Reagan CRUSHED #TamirRice in last nights #gopDebate!"
eng	positive	"Out of the #GOPDebate last night, I liked @RealBenCarson and @tedcruz 😊"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson I love your tax plan! Makes sense, is fair, and simple. Great job during #GOPDebate."
eng	positive	"RT @Beem_Skeem: #GOPDebate JUSTICE IN AMERICA #SANDRABLAND #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/r0xXbgvQb3"
eng	positive	"RT @bannerite: #GOPDebate and the clear Winner is http://t.co/zO63efHNQH"
eng	positive	"RT @edstetzer: If @RealBenCarson continues to talk about tithing, and it catches on, every pastor in America will vote for him. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"IF the election were today &amp; I had to vote, based on last night's #GOPDebate my vote for POTUS would be @tedcruz . Bold Christians are rare!"
eng	positive	"#Trump was spot on in his description of business bankruptcies. Playing by same rules as all businesses. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/cgNHoXchDL"
eng	positive	"RT @andylevy: bless u for this rand paul #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Megyn tried to Stump the Trump and got burned. #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I think Trump should have been debate moderator. That would be a good role for him #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I actually liked Cruz a lot more after his closing statement. I feel like as debates go on he will gain more popularity than jeb #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	""And of course, I'm talking about Hillary Clinton" was the most Reaganesque moment last night. Good job, #Huckabee! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"My take away from last night's #GOPDebate: I love @Rosie, and I always will."
eng	positive	"RT @FoxNews: .@ScottWalker pledges to lower the tax rate and reform the tax code, if elected president. #GOPDebate http://t.co/sknHfYkw3U"
eng	positive	"Watching the GOP debate this morning ( yes I missed it last night ) .....wow......just wow. O_o #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @AmbJohnBolton: At times an interesting discussion in #OH. It's important we keep putting #foreignpolicy at the center of #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate  @FoxNews better watch out I believe the @realDonaldTrump will be fighting back."
eng	positive	"Gotta remember @realDonaldTrump is a leader not a debater. Held his own against deep rooted politicians very well. #Trump2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @namenzie: Safe to say every person of color knows this. We usually aren't the ones who need convincing. #BenCarson #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	positive	"@SenTedCruz only candidate to lay out a detailed plan of what he will do the moment he steps into WH  #CruzCrew #CruzToVictory #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Advice to each #GOP candidate in order of how I think they finished 5th place Marco Rubio Good job keep up the same #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	positive	"I buy the theory @CarlyFiorina performed well and held her own during the #GOPDebate last night. https://t.co/jmEkk2adkH"
eng	positive	"RT @hillarysusans: @realDonaldTrump I had to watch this morning on DVR and wow, the "moderators" went after you! Not right at all. #GOPDeba…"
eng	positive	"RT @_ErikaHarold: Dr. Carson's closing statement showed charm, humor and humility -- qualities we need more of in politics. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Great #GOPDebate analysis from @SWGoldman: http://t.co/DfPImpxSAv"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump I had to watch this morning on DVR and wow, the "moderators" went after you! Not right at all. #GOPDebate You held your own"
eng	positive	"RT @daveweigel: My wrap on Rand Paul’s first hour of debating, which let him have exactly the fight he wanted http://t.co/Q3DRK3WDc3 #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"Seeing lots of @RandPaul "tried too hard" during #GOPDebate . It was perfect to make sure he was heard and truth twisting was called out"
eng	positive	"About last night. Are you watching @OutnumberedFNC ? We got @ericbolling and all the good stuff from the #GOPDebate on a Friday!"
eng	positive	"Re: the #GOPDebate--@DennisPrager: "The 2 Hispanics [Cruz and Rubio] did the best.""
eng	positive	"It may have been the #GOPDebate but @HillaryClinton was mentioned more times than any other candidate. Hillary FTW."
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @bretbaier #GOPDebate Mods job is2 ask Qs we don't know answers 2 not bait &amp; target a candidate #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"If you are one to complain about America's corrupt 2 party system - you better not complain about Trump's threat last night #Vote #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I am not the biggest @megynkelly fan in the world. (Or Fox in general) but I really enjoyed her question to Trump about women #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"FOX #GOPDebate drew 10 million viewers. No Democrat primary debate has ever attracted anything like this...-- Rush"
eng	positive	"I wish we could see Kasich vs #BernieSanders for the presidency. The actual issues &amp; ideas might come out. #GOPDebate Didn't watch it."
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson said a mouthful. #RunBenRun #Carson2016 #GOPDebate http://t.co/rpQo4SQBTo"
eng	positive	"#FF  Best source for what's going on in US Senate: @SenTomCotton Best commentary: @BuckSexton  Best #GOPDebate performance: @CarlyFiorina"
eng	positive	"RT @DLoesch: Cruz, Rubio led the night tonight. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate moderated by @foxnews was our chance to ask questions the right cares about not what left is concerned with @IngrahamAngle 2/2"
eng	positive	"RT @SalenaZitoTrib: Thanks @BrucePurple @DaneStrother @ChipFelkel for your input on @OffRoadPolitics on #GOPDebate http://t.co/6OFOA0Hqpa h…"
eng	positive	"RT @MolonLabe1776us: Retweet if you think @HillaryClinton should be in PRISON. #Benghazi #Tcot #rednationrising #wakeupamerica #GOPDebate h…"
eng	positive	"RT @NathanHaynes24: @FoxNews  after last night's #GOPDebate  @RealBenCarson @GovMikeHuckabee  have emerged as my top two"
eng	positive	"Wondering how the day after the #GOPDebate is going? I've ordered Dominos and read through my watch party swag: http://t.co/NQqXm33AEr"
eng	positive	"Women always call men pigs. If #Trump calls them a dog they should shut up, hypocrites @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly #GOPDebate #tcot #tlot"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews so much fun watching the GOP/FOX circus implode. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @AmyMek: Thank you @seanhannity for being One of the Only True Conservatives at @FoxNews! Patriots appreciate you &amp; America needs you! #…"
eng	positive	"Phenomenal analysis of the #GOPDebate by @guypbenson - be sure to follow #RSG15 for the major candidates' next stop! https://t.co/VewxHJKIJX"
eng	positive	"Rubio actually answering a question about immigration. Color me impressed #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MattyIceAZ: To be fair, Marco Rubio has a point. Tougher immigration laws might have prevented his parents from getting in. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @benshapiro: Jindal giving excellent Planned Parenthood answer here. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TeamMarcoNY: .@marcorubio is the LEADER we need to save this country and the American Dream! #GOPDebate #TeamMarco http://t.co/gC1hKxJA…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate #DonaldTrump all the way. Time to fix Obama's mess."
eng	positive	"RT tates5a: SURPRISE OF THE NIGHT: BernieSanders won #GOPDebate with #DebateWithBernie on Twitter … http://t.co/BGlK509Gv0"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump thank u for ur support of Single Payer HC last night at the #GOPDebate. I hope ur supporters agree in it also! #obamacare"
eng	positive	"RT tates5a: SURPRISE OF THE NIGHT: BernieSanders won #GOPDebate with #DebateWithBernie on Twitter … http://t.co/6bJ5TjNLIu"
eng	positive	"RT @fangsbites: A 16.0 overnight rating for the #GOPDebate? That's a huge viewership if that holds. http://t.co/UT70835vNr"
eng	positive	"The biggest winner in the #GOPDebate? The Affordable Care Act. @sarahkliff shows how #obamacare won the night:  http://t.co/EqJ6K2nE5U"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews  after last night's #GOPDebate  @RealBenCarson @GovMikeHuckabee  have emerged as my top two"
eng	positive	"#FoxNews was the big winner at #GOPDebate. No way future viewership was not the objective. Surely already said."
eng	positive	"Tea4TeXs: RT CNN: No one eclipses realDonaldTrump at #GOPDebate: http://t.co/nzR6p3CKW9 via CNNPolitics … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"Agree with @IngrahamAngle on @foxnews questions for #gopdebate But 1/2"
eng	positive	"kara_neptune: RT TexasGOP: #RETWEET if you think every candidate on the #GOPDebate stage would be better than #Hil… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"RT @COHealthAccess: The biggest winner at the Republican debate was #Obamacare http://t.co/DQ7Qy63rF6 via @sarahkliff @voxdotcom #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JimMerrillNH: John Podhoretz on #GOPDebate says @marcorubio "Emerges as the Party's Brightest Star"  http://t.co/zJMbDCitz7 #nhpolitics"
eng	positive	"Your #GOPDEBATE tweets are very entertaining.  https://t.co/VcwWvWtqvV"
eng	positive	"RT @RandPaul: Thanks for the support in the 1st #GOPDebate! I'm in SC today and tomorrow. Then I'm off to NH! http://t.co/x931Pj7Umr See yo…"
eng	positive	"My takeaways from #GOPDebate highlights? (1) It was a cross b/w a circus &amp; a firing squad and (2) @RandPaul is kind of attractive! #amirite"
eng	positive	"RT @JoshKivett: S/O to our @GOP volunteers &amp; #RLI Fellows in FL, NC &amp; VA for great #GOPDebate Watch Parties tonight! #LeadRight2016 http://…"
eng	positive	"@ThePaleAlewife I was thinking #IPAday was appropriate because of all the bitterness on stage at the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Reince: Biggest &amp; most diverse field of qualified candidates ever. For any party. Excited to be part of #GOPDebate night http://t.co/RP…"
eng	positive	"Fuck ya Donald Trump you rocked #GOPDebate smoking all those pathetic career politicians! Keep up the great work!!! http://t.co/NVOMySTNvs"
eng	positive	"RT @makeupbylivixx: watching the #GOPDebate &amp; have never been more entertained by my family's side comments"
eng	positive	"I thought #GOPDebate was good, despite @realDonaldTrump grandstanding. @BenCarson2016 really brought logic to back to the campaign table."
eng	positive	"RT @goldietaylor: Walker, surprisingly, gets it (mostly) right. #GOPDebate #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/7VZJJbJ3ib"
eng	positive	"I missed the #GOPDebate, but I'm amazed that Trump is somehow considered in the lead. https://t.co/Qzmg96pf75"
eng	positive	"RT @LiberalMmama: I watched the #GOPDebate and all I can say is Pres Obama was right,he WOULD win again! #FourMoreYears"
eng	positive	"I just love @CarlyFiorina!! She owned last night 🙌🏼🇺🇸🐘 #GOPDebate #ycot http://t.co/6khqpdqpn9"
eng	positive	"RT @ScottGiorgini: I’ll tell you what. Not only did @CarlyFiorina OWN the first #GOPdebate, she also owned the post debate interviews &gt;&gt; ht…"
eng	positive	"@DanScavino Rick Santorum ranks #13 in GOP field on Twitter mentions over last 60min #gopdebate https://t.co/F687D6Objl #potus2016"
eng	positive	"#FF WHOA (WEIRD format -Any1 know about this?) https://t.co/Np8CjQWYJi #GOPDebate #GOP #RNC @Reince @rushlimbaugh @kilmeade #FoxNews #TCOT"
eng	positive	"RT @someecards: 16 of the funniest reactions to last night's inadvertently hilarious GOP debate. http://t.co/nKWjLscECM #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	positive	"RT @guypbenson: Good Rubio answer on immigration, invoking unfairness of system to those who play by the rules. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Megyn Kelly did a fantastic job last night and I couldn't be more proud to have her as a role model. :) #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @sampuzzo: @Progress4Ohio @DavidJWhite640 my take on the #GOPDebate We're so getting a Dem POTUS! imo http://t.co/MclAT1ZUMO"
eng	positive	"RT @jjauthor: Hey @FrankLuntz my surprise of the night? @megynkelly and Chris Wallace! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"FrankLuntz LOL he probably likes loser candidates like McCain, Romney &amp; Bush! #Trump2016 won #GOPDebate hands down… http://t.co/zQphlSqDUn"
eng	positive	"@brianstelter care about reality! #REALITY MATTERS, NOT theories, equations, and books! #sciencenotsex #GOPDebate http://t.co/Od0I4cNkSn"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate @RealAlexJones did ted cruz make a name for himself after saying americans deserve to know the truth"
eng	positive	"If anything I would say the real winner of the #GOPDebate was @megynkelly"
eng	positive	"@ChrisChristie you did great, Gov.  Let Rand roll his eyes all he wants. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"proud of the @GOP field after #GOPDebate Took tough questions and most cases knocked them out of the park. @JohnKasich @marcorubio my favs"
eng	positive	"Only candidate to mention "race" was Carson who only sees brains, so. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"“@OutnumberedFNC: .@JedediahBila "I want to put someone in [office] that I don't want to have to worry about." #GOPDebate” then..#Trump2016"
eng	positive	"#FairandBalanced wasn't the case in the #GOPDebate. @realDonaldTrump was treated unfairly. He will make up for it soon. #outnumbered"
eng	positive	"RT @kayleighmcenany: Marco Rubio is so presidential. He's articulate, bright, and authentic #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"The only person in #GOPDebate who had an exceptional performance was @CarlyFiorina Can't wait to see her spar against the big boys next time"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: Ted Cruz might have only gotten 3 or 4 at bats but he hit the ball hard each try he got. He did EXCELLENT. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@FrankLuntz LOL he probably likes loser candidates like McCain, Romney &amp; Bush! #Trump2016 won #GOPDebate hands down! Next President = Trump!"
eng	positive	"If I had to pick a winner from the #GOPDebate. #Kasich would be my first choice. Followed by #Rubio and #Christie"
eng	positive	"RT @benshapiro: Cruz looking great in this debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"“@BW_React: #GOPDebate verdict: @JohnKasich wins it. 74.5% positive sentiment. http://t.co/CpqJNwOL11”"
eng	positive	"@AmyMek @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @FrankLuntz I would like to thank Rand Paul for exposing Trump 4 the Democrat that he is #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Writeintrump: To prove I'm a good sport, I'm giving all the losers of tonight's #GOPDebate The Apprentice board game to take home. http…"
eng	positive	"RT @KurtSchlichter: Trump is actually right about the bankruptcy laws. Someone please kill me. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@FrankLuntz LOL sham focus group, a bunch of Bush/RNC plants! #Trump2016 won #GOPDebate hands down!"
eng	positive	"latham312: RT Franklin_Graham: 1st #GOPDebate--Encouraging to see several candidates express their faith in God an… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"RT @rhowardbrowne: Ben Carson: "I'm only one who removed half a brain, but if you went to Washington, you'd think someone beat me to it." #…"
eng	positive	"The reason @realDonaldTrump did not take that pledge at #GOPDebate is exactly because he is a good negotiator."
eng	positive	"We need to put someone to debate against HRC like @marcorubio. -@JedediahBila on #outnumbered #StudentsForRubio #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@FrankLuntz analysis says @GovMikeHuckabee won the debate —&gt; http://t.co/QUwoCLfs8q #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@FrankLuntz @megynkelly your "focus group" was a joke! Your takedown attempt of #Trump2016 was a huge fail! Trump won #GOPDebate easily!"
eng	positive	"RT @BernardGoldberg: Donald the real RINO in the race. But he doesn’t mean it. http://t.co/9BaQOqpXoN #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly GREAT JOB #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	""The Republican Party Won Last Night's Debate - and Hillary Lost" - Breitbart http://t.co/ZCLyMYxZvY #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChrisChristie: I will make no apologies for protecting the lives and the safety of the American people. #GOPDebate https://t.co/gMaMj9n…"
eng	positive	"RT @JHoganGidley: Now on @FoxNews, @seanhannity is about to interview @GovMikeHuckabee re: outstanding debate performance. #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	positive	"RT @nonprophetess: "Received word from God."  This should be good. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Megyn Kelly was the real winner of the #GOPDEBATE last night  #FOXNEWSDEBATE  #Trump #FoxNews http://t.co/EEavzmRvb2"
eng	positive	"Frank Luntz: #GOPDebate "Great News for Ted Cruz" http://t.co/B7TI3hVn7p"
eng	positive	"I'm glad trump shut down four failing biz. He didn't borrow 19 trillion to keep them afloat and enslave his children's children #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ChrisChristie: I will make no apologies for protecting the safety of the American people. #TellingItLikeItIs #GOPDebate https://t.co/Gv…"
eng	positive	".@BretBaier named @GovMikeHuckabee has one of his “winners” of #GOPDebate —-&gt; https://t.co/OBSveWvo41 #ImWithHuck"
eng	positive	"RT @thebighoot: @jan4usa @CarlyFiorina impressive #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"The clear winners in #GOPDebate were @SenTedCruz and @CarlyFiorina and that is a powerful combo I could support."
eng	positive	"RT @politicoroger: Donald Trump just tweeted that his jet has landed in Cleveland. The earth moved. #GOPDebate http://t.co/LBef8189yB"
eng	positive	"RT @ryanbhorn: @Nielsen to release ratings this afternoon. The rumor: 10 mil viewers, 16 share.  Making @foxnews undisputed winner of  #GOP…"
eng	positive	"The real winners in the #GOPDebate were the Jr. Debaters, who came across as far more intelligent than the brawling children later on."
eng	positive	".@USAToday calls @GovMikeHuckabee debate closing a “show-stopping zinger” #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Hoping that @marcorubio takes this country to places we haven't seen in decades! Keep up the good work! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"TRUMP WINS! He is FRONT PAGE - Every news source - Billions in FREE Advetising @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"@TrumpIssues @realDonaldTrump  #GOPDebate #2016Debate elect Trump, only he and @SarahPalinUSA can save America"
eng	positive	"#MarcoRubio will destroy that sick liar #HillaryClinton in a 1on1 debate if he gets the chance &gt;&gt; ( #GOPDebate #tlot #tcot #p2 #rnc #dnc )"
eng	positive	"RT @jamalraad: Trump immigration strategy https://t.co/QZMfehR8VF #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#Out Thank u for thoughtful reflection on #GOPDebate. A @FoxNews recovery. Some Trump ques lame BS fluff. Made Megyn look bad."
eng	positive	"He was phenomenal! Of course. I knew he would be. 😉 #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot #teaparty #pjnet https://t.co/OUcmHIyfhz"
eng	positive	"RT @HeatherChilders: 'God has blessed the Rep party with a lot of great candidates, the Dem party cannot even find one" @marcorubio #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @KatiePavlich: Donald Trump isn't a Democrat, he isn't a Republican, he's Donald Trump. #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	".@JedediahBila says @marcorubio is a great communicator and it showed last night #outnumbered #StudentsForRubio #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JJRavenation52: @elielcruz @IAmCreeSummer That's the best #GOPDebate tweet. this is better than the actual debate."
eng	positive	"RT @Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators. #…"
eng	positive	"If the #GOP wins in 2016, @JohnKasich would be my hope. Loved what he said about a balanced budget &amp; moving passed gay marriage. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump lives to fight another day. Odds seem to ever be in his favor. #GOPDebate #hungergames #DonaldTrump http://t.co/eG6X6onkKT"
eng	positive	"RT @libertygirlNH: BOOM! Ted Cruz rocked his closing statement. #GOPDebate b"
eng	positive	"RT @MiaHoll18: @BradThor If Mr. Trump runs as an Independent the Republicans can't win either. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @sallyjayjohnson: the only candidate to say "woman" or "women" in that whole two hours was Rubio, talking about women in uniform. #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"@Nielsen to release ratings this afternoon. The rumor: 10 mil viewers, 16 share.  Making @foxnews undisputed winner of  #GOPdebate #huge"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Reps, aside from Trump and Paul, agree on 90% of everything. IMO the most important consideration is electability vs Clinton"
eng	positive	"DelilahNoBSzone: RT RedNationRising: Congrats to ALL #GOPDebate candidates -- and to you -- for discussing, tweeti… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"RT @Bnyutu: So @JohnKasich says we should respects all take care of the poor &amp; the sick ...Bad news he's Not getting the #GOP  nomination  …"
eng	positive	"RT @politicoroger: Trump: "Our leaders are stupid; our politicians are stupid. The Mexican government is much smarter." #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"DuyguOzsoyler: RT comicriffs: #GOPdebate sketches: Ted Cruz, though a famed debate champ, offers an admission: #Cl… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"sydtrvp: RT BernieSanders: Tom Hanks. Finally. Somebody who makes some sense. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	positive	"#DonaldTrump Wins #GOPDebate  https://t.co/mR3eHwanVz"
eng	positive	"I’ll tell you what. Not only did @CarlyFiorina OWN the first #GOPdebate, she also owned the post debate interviews &gt;&gt; http://t.co/Em1wI3DJPu"
eng	positive	"RT @SooperMexican: Aww 100% support among cute little Cruz girls RT @TheFriddle: Love this. @tedcruz and his daughters post #GOPDebate http…"
eng	positive	"RT @EliRubenstein: The consensus is clear, @MarcoRubio dominated last night's debate! Watch some of the highlights: https://t.co/x3j4X8Qm5e…"
eng	positive	"RT @Liz_Wheeler: My girl @CarlyFiorina killed it. She's presidential, wildly intelligent, experienced, sharp, practical, strategic &amp; strong…"
eng	positive	"RT @tuckahoetommy: XM121 today 3-4pm w @JohnFugelsang #TellMeEverything #GOPDebate fun to be with @rickungar @FrankConniff Always a great h…"
eng	positive	"RT @AmyMek: Thank you @tedcruz for calling out the #Rhino's in the @GOP and supporting #KateSteinle! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ScottWalker: Enforce the laws. Secure the border. Use e-verify. Prioritize the American Worker and American wages. #Waker16 #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	".@ericbolling we want someone young and a leader who can lead us into the future! #StudentsForRubio #outnumbered #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina is one poised, graceful, and determined woman. I can get behind that any day #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Lots of positives &amp; negatives @ last night's #GOPDebate - but why was @RandPaul the only candidate to bring up #Furguson &amp; #Baltimore?"
eng	positive	"My thoughts on the #GOPDebate : YAY."
eng	positive	"Rubio Life begins at conception Well said! @marcorubio schools @ChrisCuomo http://t.co/InV8kphTr9 Not above Mr. Rubios pay grade #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @He_Has_Failed: 200,000 votes over at Drudge and Trump is absolutely dominating the #GOPDebate  #tcot http://t.co/kU0ul7HZQY"
eng	positive	"Props to @FoxNews for the GREAT questions.  @megynkelly @BretBaier @FoxNewsSunday #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@BretBaier You were professional and did an excellent job moderating! #GOPDebate @SpecialReport"
eng	positive	"RT @edwrather: Trump slams Megyn Kelly http://t.co/oBNQDPOemX via @worldnetdaily #GOPDebate #Tcot #ccot #pjnet #WakeUpAmerica #MakeDCListen"
eng	positive	"My clear winners have been my favorites from day 1. @marcorubio &amp; @CarlyFiorina  #GOPDebate. I'd like to see both on 1 ticket. Thoughts?"
eng	positive	"The more I read that Trump lost the #GOPDebate. the more I'm convinced that his poll numbers are only going up."
eng	positive	"How is it Hollywood can't get Dr. Doom right once and foxnews got it right 10 times last night? #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Hi @RealBenCarson attend our event, Sept 26! We are in contact with campaign, pls say yes! AllAmericanRally.us  #GOPDebate - please RT"
eng	positive	"Real talk. Trump won the debate of the out of touch candidates. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TheNormanLear: Jeb Bush is making a great case for his staying in Florida. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Love that Gov Christie gave it to Rand Paul. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ScottWalker: .@BarackObama’s nuclear agreement with #Iran will be remembered as one of America's worst diplomatic failures. #GOPdebate …"
eng	positive	"RT @abburgess95: Now I see why political commentators have been saying to watch out for @GovMikeHuckabee in the #GOPDebate. He's making som…"
eng	positive	"THINGS I LEARNED WATCHING THE #GOPDebate:   You’d never know but I do not watch Fox News -I liked Meagan Kelly.  she is smart, quick &amp; witty"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly Did @CandyCrowley coach you for last nights #GOPDebate ? @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump"
eng	positive	"RT @JaniceDean: The @FoxNews #GOPdebate was excellent.  If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen.  Bravo to @megynkelly @BretBaier…"
eng	positive	"RT @joshrobin: Good point by @bobhardt on @SenSchumer #irandeal rejection -- hiding it while political world watches #gopdebate http://t.co…"
eng	positive	"OK Trump you're the one who brought immigration to national stage sure lets go with that makes sense #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @BiasedGirl: Can we skip the crap next time? Rick Perry and Carly are head &amp; shoulders above the others. #GOPDebate #Perry2016 #Carly2016"
eng	positive	"RT @LilaGraceRose: .@GovMikeHuckabee reminds that we still have American hostages languishing in #Iran despite deal #FreeSaeed #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @NYTFridge: Trump: "Jeremy's newspaper [@nytimes], a very good newspaper, has a beautiful story saying I won!" #GOPDebate  https://t.co/…"
eng	positive	"He won in my book as well! #ImWithHuck #GOPDebate #th2016 #ccot #tcot #teaparty #pjnet https://t.co/0JzU3HdH3j"
eng	positive	"RT @StassiPost: A truth bomb from Dr. Carson #tcot #GOPDebate #RNR #ycot #ccot #WakeUpAmerica #Uniteright #teaparty #StandWithIsrael http:/…"
eng	positive	".@costareports @SCClemons HRC Became 11th #GOPDebate Candidate Last Night @CarlyFiorina &amp; @JohnKasich Topped Field! https://t.co/gOl1jgQp7j"
eng	positive	"RT @tramontela: More great coverage @WKSU @MLSchultze http://t.co/BryjH5EPif @MonchosBarCLE @montoyaisabelc #GOPDebate #TrumpEffect #ImPower"
eng	positive	"The Entrepreneurship Party believes winner of last night's GOP Debate was #1 Governor Jeb Bush followed by #2 John Kasich,#GOPDEBATE #jeb"
eng	positive	"#Trump: I was born and I'm awesome so no one should have an abortion. #GOPDebate #cantarguewiththefacts"
eng	positive	"Favorite picture of #GOPDebate Night http://t.co/W3GRrYcJRI"
eng	positive	"Trump leads among male voters... he also leads among female voters.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @KatiePavlich: So far Fiorina has given most detailed answers to questions about how to solve problems i.e. China/Russia and cyber attac…"
eng	positive	"RT @pellecopter: As of 10:15, Carson and Rubio are definitely my front-runners #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I am no republican, but I must say that Marco Rubio made very good points @ the #GOPDebate . Very relatable"
eng	positive	"RT @exjon: Rubio wins. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I just saw my political science teacher on the news talking about the #GOPdebate. Being in college is cool."
eng	positive	"RT @patriotmom61: Best moment of #GOPDebate: A Rogue SCOTUS Decision': Santorum Says Gay Marriage Has No Constitutional Basis http://t.co/A…"
eng	positive	"RT @jjauthor: @megynkelly @is the star of herself! FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @robportman: Congratulations to @ChairmanBorges @katieeagan &amp; the entire @ohiogop for all their hard work on last night's #GOPDebate!"
eng	positive	"Simply incredible. http://t.co/apXM8AO8jf Last night's #GOPDebate doubled the previous record for most-watched primary debate in history."
eng	positive	"Liberals: is he poor? A victim? Incapable of doing anything? Career politician? No success? He's got my vote! #FeelTheBern #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @LadySandersfarm: We're sick of political correctness, it's killing the heart and soul of this country. #GOPDebate #Trump2016 http://t.c…"
eng	positive	"RT @Thomasismyuncle: Just so libs know... if you ever put Marco Rubio on a stage to debate Hillary, make sure she wears her Depends cause D…"
eng	positive	"This @PFTcommenter troll job of last night's #GOPdebate is a masterpiece of Internet political meta-mockery. http://t.co/i83MHXnU9G"
eng	positive	"RT @nick_paro: The NY Times say Rand Paul matters again! #StandwithRand #Liberty #GOPDebate #tcot #tlot http://t.co/L9Z2JmkFrN"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina just beat the snot out of @HillaryClinton and #ChrisMathews! #tcot @msnbc #GOPDebate #GOP http://t.co/cPg7T80dSu"
eng	positive	"RT @patriotmom61: All the difference in the world bet/unaccomplished newbie senators &amp; one who actually got BIG things done http://t.co/bEd…"
eng	positive	"RT @JordyLangy: @Cold1957 Rand Paul cares more about upholding and applying the constitution than any of the other candidates. #GOPDebate #…"
eng	positive	"Trump slams Megyn Kelly http://t.co/oBNQDPOemX via @worldnetdaily #GOPDebate #Tcot #ccot #pjnet #WakeUpAmerica #MakeDCListen"
eng	positive	"RT @patriotmom61: Rick Santorum at The Des Moines Register soapbox https://t.co/hfqVXAiqPh A boatrocker who got things done. #GOPDebate #Io…"
eng	positive	"RT @Emma_Dye: I think we have a WINNER! #standwithRand #GOPdebate #RandPaul"
eng	positive	"What a show! #Trump #GOPDebate #RosieODonnell — watching Republican Presidential Candidates Debate"
eng	positive	"RT @MURlCAFUCKYEAH: RT if you agree!  “The big problem this country has is being politically correct” #GOPDebate http://t.co/liuGl1haa3"
eng	positive	"@BillHemmer @marthamaccallum @FoxNews Kudos to Bill &amp; Martha. Excellent #GOPDebate moderators. The prime time team was awful in comparison!"
eng	positive	"RT @bencasselman: Rubio is exactly right: More new immigrants now come from Asia, not Latin America. #GOPDebate http://t.co/IOHEpeVlvB"
eng	positive	"RT @tedcruz: We need a President who’ll defend the Constitution and restore America’s leadership in the world #GOPDebate #CruzCrew http://t…"
eng	positive	"RT @VotingFemale: #GopDebate Ben Carson Hits A Homer http://t.co/T4N6dh3pZo"
eng	positive	".@realDonaldTrump will be the best thing to happen to #Democratic #GOTV in history. #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: Did tonight make you a fan of @JohnKasich? Be sure you take a moment and like our Facebook page: https://t.co/aBUNLgIgHG  #…"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich didn't back away from Ohio's #Medicaid expansion during last night's #GOPDebate.  Msg: Don't oppose expansion based on ideology."
eng	positive	"@rgay @BriKirk Thank you for your service to democrats abroad! Loved the coverage of the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @IvankaTrump: At the #GOPdebate in support of my amazing father. I am very proud of you @realdonaldtrump!… https://t.co/9bQju4zofb"
eng	positive	"RT @GretchenCarlson: Where's @CarlyFiorina on this stage? She killed it earlier during #GOPDebate #HappyHour - don't miss her tomorrow on #…"
eng	positive	"RT @TDsVoice: “@peddoc63: Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 Go Carly📢 @CarlyFiorina #Carly2016 #GOPDebate @steph93065 @MaydnUSA http://t.co/MkoXvDXoPz”"
eng	positive	"RT @RealBPhil: .@FoxNews's @ChrisStirewalt: Cruz "turned in a solid performance" #CruzCrew #GOPDebate #consensus #theexpertsagree"
eng	positive	"RT @hopewalker: So excited to welcome @GovMikeHuckabee &amp; @janethuckabee to the great Palmetto State after a great #GOPDebate last night! #t…"
eng	positive	"RT @ETori: Finally got to read the #GOPDebate coverage I craved: @rgay on the GOP Debate https://t.co/FLlZraYaLp via @brikirk"
eng	positive	"RT @lovablegold: This got me crying #GOPDebate http://t.co/usfBANcB5f"
eng	positive	"A minister, a doctor and 2 business owners walked on a stage last night and made the most sense to me. #GOPDebate http://t.co/Gly4myQxYw"
eng	positive	"RT @FanofDixie: New Hampshire Poll: Paul leads Hillary by 2%, Trump losing by 10% - http://t.co/vXszukmivB #GOPDebate #Trump #RandPaul #Sta…"
eng	positive	"RT @peddoc63: That's right @tedcruz Call Terrorists what they are! Islamic! You can't beat enemy if you don't identify who they are! #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump on point with response to @megynkelly "When did you become a Republican? " #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @NotBillWalton: That was the greatest SNL sketch of all-time. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @joyreaper: @CarlyFiorina speaking of unlocking the potential in people! Sounds like Reagan and sounds like a great leader! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I don't particularly agree with @megynkelly most of the time (or any of Fox News for that matter), but she was on point at the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"In honor of last nights GOP debate... A flashback to me and H.W. hangin' out! 😋  #gopdebate #jebbush… https://t.co/K1oPXc8aqC"
eng	positive	"RT @abb_robertsCBN: “I think most ppl in america understand that people, not the government creates job” @ScottWalker #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @robyn_ravenclaw: Omg this is the best thing I've ever seen in my life 😂😂😂😂 #GOPDebate  https://t.co/sVFJCLmzlA"
eng	positive	"My piece on the #GOPDebate for @qz. John Kasich is the winner in Round 1  - performed opposite his poll rankings http://t.co/TQKAlaFL8j"
eng	positive	"RT @TRButcher: Looks like @RealBenCarson &amp; @marcorubio were the big winners of the #GOPDebate, and I agree! http://t.co/g8FYUmFxUn"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnFict: Should @megynkelly have acted like @CandyCrowley last night and coddled them? HELL NO! #tcot #GOPDebate get the dirty laundry…"
eng	positive	"RT @Chillax: #GOPDebate Rand Paul was given the least amount of talk time, yet he said the most. #StandWithRand I LOVED him smashing Christ…"
eng	positive	"RT @AmyMek: Amen @JohnKasich -&gt; You don't have to compromise convictions to be compassionate…. #GOPDebate http://t.co/NpI9JYZGVF"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  Country before party!  Why pledge away the option to do what may need to be done."
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich really impressed in last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/RbpOmS07gC #Kasich4Us"
eng	positive	"RT @RepJackKimble: I liked Donald Trump's contention that he literally didn't have enough time not to make fun of Rosie O'Donnell's weight …"
eng	positive	"RT @annmariebrok: If you watched the #GOPDebate last night, why not send $5 to @PPFA this morning? https://t.co/8fMW19EWp9 #ReproJustice #R…"
eng	positive	"RT @MichaelLucchese: Kasich is a good governor, we get it Ohio... Not gonna be the nominee. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @FreedomTexasMom: . @seanhannity  THANK YOU for being fair to the GOP front runner @realDonaldTrump This is why I LOVE #Hannity #FoxNews…"
eng	positive	"RT @ladybeau49: #GOPDebate We'd like to hear more from @tedcruz. The constitution is his touchstone. #IRS #BadIranDeal #Patriots #RedNation…"
eng	positive	"The moderators last night did a fantastic job. Started off awkward, but the actual questions were terrific. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #FoxNews"
eng	positive	"RT @MichaelLucchese: Kelly is doing a great job asking tough questions. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@ppact can sell baby parts for profit, or whatever you want to call it, but Trump can't call a woman a slob. #GOPDebate #PC #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"RT @alexandraheuser: CONGRATULATIONS .@RickSantorum GR8 job at #GOPDebate 2night #GameON #Rick2016 https://t.co/Lf4cHPrf7h"
eng	positive	". @seanhannity  THANK YOU for being fair to the GOP front runner @realDonaldTrump This is why I LOVE #Hannity #FoxNews #GOPDebate #Respect"
eng	positive	"Donald Trump is so funny 😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@CarlyFiorina Shows How to Push Back Against Matthews on @Hardball #msnbc #mediabias #GOPDebate  http://t.co/mA5onTHRIo"
eng	positive	"RT @BonsaiSky: I would pay money to see a debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. You know Donald will bring up Monica 😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate showed that politicians are great liars. Smooth talkers, but have to OBEY doners.  I will vote Trump - he has no reason 2 lie"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate was interesting to say the least ...."
eng	positive	"Donald Trump is John Galt. Chew on it. #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @metzgr: .@JebBush has a distinct @LeoMcGarry-ness to him in this pic from @nytimes, so... #Winner #GOPDebate http://t.co/KoLwWwgdP1"
eng	positive	"@RickSantorum #America is a great country! #GOPDebate http://t.co/3XBdXlLCeO"
eng	positive	"RT @BraunKen: Oh my. Reasonable answere by #Kasich2016 on gay question, and applause by crowd. Maybe a new GOP? #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @2013_Tiffany: #Rubio seems to be the only candidate actually saying HOW he's going to get things done #GOPDebate #Rubio2016"
eng	positive	"To all the ppl complaining about issues NOT covered in the #GOPDebate:    Relax, this is only the 1st debate! Unlike Dems, many more to come"
eng	positive	"RT @alexandraheuser: It's one thing 2 recognize a WINNER but America recognizes one who can help AMERICA win! #Rick2016 #GOPDebate #TCOT ht…"
eng	positive	"The Donald is every bit as gracious in Victory as he is in defeat #gopDebate #2016"
eng	positive	"Megyn wins.  #GOPDebate (via @wesjonesDC) http://t.co/Rp6Q741IJj"
eng	positive	"Rap Genius goes mainstream. Cool collaboration by the @washingtonpost to annotate #GOPDebate http://t.co/xPqLgzOXQB ht @coryhaik"
eng	positive	"RT @Writeintrump: Is it rude to drop the mic after delivering an awesome line during the #GOPDebate? I don't care if it is, I'm doing it an…"
eng	positive	"RT @johncardillo: Dr. Carson's POV on race was class and brilliance personified. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Everyone was excited for #GOPDebate - @hemzy1 @MyHatBaby. Excellent job moderators @FoxNews @BretBaier @megynkelly #election2016"
eng	positive	"Sen. Marco #Rubio (R-#Florida) is #GOPDebate winner according to @morningmoneyben: http://t.co/YjQ4hEDs4P"
eng	positive	"It's brilliant that Trump never apologizes for anything he says. I mean everyone loves a bully, right? #dumptrump #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @stephenstephan: Rubio: Basically all life is sacred. #Prolife #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @goog927: #Fiorina is presidential material.  Looking forward to seeing her surge. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @emiluminati: @marcorubio make it happen, cap'n!! Your responses at the #GOPDebate  were spot on. Thank you!! #Rubio2016 #GeniusAtWork #…"
eng	positive	"I agree with #Huckabee's assessment of donor-to-political class relationship, but I don't get how it results in #biggovernment. #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"Jeb and Marco 2016 seem like a possible team.#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Politics Nerd Moment: On vacation. Lost my chill when I looked up @ the bar TV to see I was missing the #GOPDebate reading play by plays now"
eng	positive	"The real winner of the "kids' table" #GOPdebate? Dick Cheney http://t.co/13LsKG3Aa3 #UnitedBlue #Hillary2016 #Mo… http://t.co/e8jH6TilTs"
eng	positive	"That @ScottWalker's zinger about Hillary's email and Russian/Chinese hacking is a great clip that's getting lots of play today. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @kaylasmith4791: Really enjoyed everything @marcorubio had to say last night. #Rubio2016 #GOPDebate #AmericaOnPoint"
eng	positive	"The best thing in #GOPDebate was @GovChristie wiping the floor w/ @RandPaul on his Jihad enabling policies. Well done."
eng	positive	"#RFS reduces our need for oil imports from hostile foreign regions, which helps keep our military out of Middle East conflicts. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Looks like @RealBenCarson &amp; @marcorubio were the big winners of the #GOPDebate, and I agree! http://t.co/g8FYUmFxUn"
eng	positive	"@dan_bernstein That debate or if you can call it that was just a joke. The biggest one of all is Donald Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @cenkuygur: Rand Paul won the round with Chris Christie with the completely irrelevant #ObamaHug line, though he was right on the merits…"
eng	positive	"To me, the real winner of last night #GOPDebate was @megynkelly. #MegynKelly"
eng	positive	"@GovMikeHuckabee stopping by to talk with @fox8news today. Tune in @ noon to hear what he has to say about #GOPDebate http://t.co/F9291V7Jgp"
eng	positive	"This caption is puuuuuuurfect. https://t.co/LuQdtgv4Fb #hillaryclinton #hillary2016 #vote #election #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MediaBoobs: #NSFW Why Donald Trump won last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/zhtJorprQb"
eng	positive	"RT @KaivanShroff: Biggest winner of tonight's #GOPDebate was far and away Hillary Clinton."
eng	positive	"The Master of Useful Humor  #gopdebate #imwithhuck #gop #ccot #teaparty #tcot #makedclisten #wethepeople #uniteright http://t.co/DmWCGGCwmy"
eng	positive	"That's a wrap! So blessed to have been able to be apart of it all 🇺🇸🐘💁🏻❤️ #gopdebate #kasich4us https://t.co/NfwJVLpt96"
eng	positive	"RT @hilderestad: Republican strategist @FrankLuntz 's focus group during #GOPDebate ended up decidedly not liking Trump by end of debate."
eng	positive	"Kim Kardashian can make a sex tape, have a TV show &amp; do a promo pose with Hillary, but Trump can't call a women a dog. #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	positive	"RT @alexandraheuser: NYT Lib take on #GOPDebate On support4 Trump audience @ NY beer hall “In a room full of progressives, u better believe…"
eng	positive	"RT @Writeintrump: I'm the only one on stage who can handle Iran. If anyone can understand Persians, it's a guy who lives in a Gold Penthous…"
eng	positive	"RT @madisongesiotto: "We've got to unite our country again because we are stronger when we are united" @JohnKasich @FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @cenkuygur: John Kasich is doing something bold- not pandering to the base.Wonder if he gets points for courage.Maybe gets respect for t…"
eng	positive	"For once I agree with 90% of @camillepaglia 's assessment: #GOPDebate http://t.co/BxuNX9UkDf"
eng	positive	"#CamillePaglia on #GOPdebate (sadly, I agree with most she says) http://t.co/nrUgsn3XIu via @thr"
eng	positive	"Now that the dust is settling from last night, it's becoming clear that #JohnKasich won and helped himself the most. #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump explains campaign finance at #GOPDebate lat night. Very insightful piece by @voxdotcom http://t.co/LostDaifAn"
eng	positive	"#Fiorina is presidential material.  Looking forward to seeing her surge. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@megynkelly slayed the #GOPDebate and asked thought provoking questions. 👏🏼 or else @realDonaldTrump wouldn't be tweeting about it."
eng	positive	"Love @washingtonpost's video re-cap of the #GOPDebate: http://t.co/Ikp4M4hAAD"
eng	positive	"RT @ShannaR86570997: “@megynkelly: #KellyFile is LIVE now with reaction to #GOPDebate your @realDonaldTrump attack was obvious why are u so…"
eng	positive	".@KObradovich on Trump &amp; #GOPDebate: " been bulletproof so far in the race and that’s unlikely to change" #iacaucus http://t.co/HFvzJIxXJY"
eng	positive	".@CNN is breaking down the debate with fact checks, good to see the media actually holding some of the candidates accountable. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Good explanation as to why #Trump surges ahead of other #cuckservative candidates. #GOPDebate http://t.co/hagmnn1Tv7 http://t.co/WOkhF3sU88"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson congrats on crossing 2 million likes on FB! #BC2DC16 #whitecoat2whitehouse #GOPDebate #BCtoDC16"
eng	positive	"By far the best part of the #GOPDebate is the hostess @megynkelly 😍😍"
eng	positive	"Love when the #GOPDebate takes over @mamasbarnyc - That hair looks great on the big screen @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/Tq7EZQeFMM"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 10) Gov. Kasich = A rising star in republican politics, Shows strong leadership, Will definitel…"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 9) Gov. Christie = Come back kid, Powerful, Knows how to punch, Had some great points, will ris…"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 8) (Rabbi) Dr. Carson = Too soft, does have ideas, Needs some major good moments, Has zero to l…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate made me think about who'd I want to listen to &amp; see on my TV every day? Walker, Carson, Kasich, Huckabee -Yes Hillary, Carly-NO"
eng	positive	"Trump schooling Chris Wallace reminded me of that scene in Back To School where Dangerfield schooled the nerdy biz professor. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Thank goodness this whacko was interviewed #GOPDebate I mean she clearly is a visionary. http://t.co/TSuQ5nmznL"
eng	positive	"The #DonaldTrump show! #foxnews #GOPDebate http://t.co/fO3D5Ad0ag"
eng	positive	"Great, great list idea for localization of election coverage: http://t.co/3yrrQf7AxL #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"At least #DonaldTrump can make you laugh. Hope Americans can see beyond that. Trouble in paradise orelse #GOPDebate  https://t.co/0DiB68mbJn"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis 6) Ted Cruz = A true reaganite, Strong principles, Had great moments, Not a politician, Will ris…"
eng	positive	"@rhondalevaldo @JohnKasich brought up initiatives but journalist moderators didn't follow up w/ him. @TalkPoverty #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@CNN is fact checking last night's #GOPDebate. This is awesome."
eng	positive	"@billmaher - of all the things you can call Dr. Ben Carson the neurosurgeon... "idiot" is certainly not one of them. #BenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 4) Marco Rubio = Strong leadership, Great answers, real ideas &amp; solutions, super presidential. …"
eng	positive	"RT @EightDotters: I just took a stroll through #GOPDebate hashtag. Have spit loads of coffee laughing. Good form progressives. (@djmorrison…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate  I think Megyn Kelly succeeded in her primary goal last night.  People are talking about her today. #FoxDebate  #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	positive	"RT @paulapoundstone: #GOPDebate  If humble beginnings are an important part of being a candidate, our country is becoming a goddamned candi…"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 3) Scott Walker = I expected more charisma, ideas &amp; solutions, Still has a strong chance, Might…"
eng	positive	"RT @ShannonSanford9: The debate is over.... Hands down @TedCruz my man! #GOPDebate http://t.co/2PlnkF7Zi0"
eng	positive	"Frank Luntz #GOPdebate Ted Cruz. Great news! https://t.co/Cos4PGNMPd"
eng	positive	".@SheriffClarke Glad ou came. Yes, @carlyfiorina nailed it at #GopDebate, the @acu @Bootcamp after and with @hardball_chris  Travel safely"
eng	positive	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: Thank you @FoxNews @BretBaier @megynkelly Chris Wallace, &amp; team, you guys put in tremendous amount of work for tonight'…"
eng	positive	"That moment when you graduated from High School so you can watch the #GOPDebate and #DonaldTrump :))"
eng	positive	""Freedom is not free and we must fight for it every day."  -@RealBenCarson Even if you don't vote for the guy, appreciate #truth #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Say what you want but if the gop ratings are through the roof you can single handedly thank @realDonaldTrump for it #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Rubio Did A Good Job Last Night. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I'm having a really hard time thinking of ways that @PFTCommenter could have been more successful with his #GOPDebate shenanigans @edsbs"
eng	positive	"RT @tonykatz: Can I get a debate where @GovChristie and @RandPaul discuss liberty and security for an hour? Please? @93wibc #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Props to @megynkelly for doing a great job asking the hard hitting questions @ the #GOPDebate last night"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich really impressed me in the debate. I hope to see your pole numbers increase. #GOPDebate #GOP #ohio"
eng	positive	"Good luck to everyone competing in the #GOPDebate in Blaine this weekend! @HappyCowsUlti @MNSuperiorU16 @texas_tango @DeadriseDC"
eng	positive	"Good idea from colleague @David_Boaz: set up 1-on-1 @ChrisChristie vs. @RandPaul #GOPDebate. I'd watch http://t.co/xI1dSIBDSv #cato2016"
eng	positive	"RT @419in703: .@realDonaldTrump said it best last night: It's time to #GetMoneyOut #GOPDebate #GOPTBT #KochVsPope http://t.co/xNo4YcFzIV"
eng	positive	"RT @JHoganGidley: Goodbye #Cleveland, OH. Hello #Greenville, SC.  After @GovMikeHuckabee crushes #GOPDebate, the campaign continues. http:/…"
eng	positive	"Wish Hilary had Carly Fiorina passion and spark! She should take some lessons from her.#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"NYT assesment of @RandPaul's #GOPDebate performance... "Made himself matter again." #StandWithRand http://t.co/B54cR1kx4q"
eng	positive	"@ScottWaker rope-a-dope strategy for #GOPDebate was brilliant."
eng	positive	"RT @rightwinglatina: Marco Rubio emerges as the party’s brightest star http://t.co/TTG6gEG3sE #GOPDebate #Rubio2016 #ImwithMarco"
eng	positive	"A college debate coach's perspective on who 'won' the #GOPdebate last night. http://t.co/3caFylQojK @EmoryAdmission @emorydebate @trefpool"
eng	positive	"RT @ChuckNellis: YES!!!! @krauthammer said @TedCruz had the best night! #Cruz2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews @fxnopinion @foxnewspolitics Very good job by Fox News #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @StephenFleming: NYTimes: “It compels me to write a cluster of words I never imagined writing: hooray for Fox News.” #GOPdebate  http://…"
eng	positive	"RT @JohnDrogin: Line of the night and most switched votes for @tedcruz, according to post-debate Fox focus group. #gopdebate http://t.co/aJ…"
eng	positive	"In #GOPDebate I was hoping to get a better sense of @CarlyFiorina.  I did and I liked what I saw."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate reassured of affinity Republicans have with Kurdish militants. If elected president Jindal said he'll "arm the Kurds" i.e. PYD."
eng	positive	"@LeviGolden Agree. Carson was very compelling when given the chance. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate score with @cmarinucci  https://t.co/sIsBsJPUbF"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate I loved Walker nodding along to Carson's responses. Carson speaks common sense, sadly that is an uncommon trait."
eng	positive	"#BenCarson gets ? about "waterboarding". Really Ms. Kelly? The man is brilliant and made his own moments. Be a great president! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Ornyadams: FYI I'll be live tweeting Teen Mom 2 on @MTV after this. What a night of great TV! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Gdestefano95: #GOPDebate   TRUMP PROVED HE'S GOT BALLS TO WEILD U.S. POWER!  He'll assemble a killer team &amp; GET IT DONE!   @realDonaldT…"
eng	positive	"@notaxation Thank you for your thoughts on the #GOPDebate. How long would you think some of the round 1 candidates will hang around?"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly @BretBaier @FoxNewsSunday Ppl say @realDonaldTrump needs specifics. Yet u gave THOSE type questions ONLY to opponents #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @comcatholicgrl: "When the government tries to invade the Church, it's time to resist" -@RandPaul #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate OMG my dream ticket would be a #RandPaul / #CarlyFiorina ticket... I don't care which is POTUS and which is Vice."
eng	positive	"RT @ElizabethND04: I wish @CarlyFiorina was putting these dudes, especially Trump and Christie, in their places. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate  htt…"
eng	positive	"I have seen far better Political Debates but last night's #GOPDebate Winner was John Kasich who looked Presidential...perception matters!"
eng	positive	"16% of U.S. homes with TV sets watched last night's #GOPDebate - more than 3x highest-rated debates for 2012 election http://t.co/ele3LMeoxo"
eng	positive	"#Trump2016's healthcare answer actually made some sense. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#Trump must be doing something right to have Lame-Stream Media FOX - Karl Rove - NEWS come out swinging at him.  #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump"
eng	positive	"I'm still for @realDonaldTrump, @JebBush reminds me of Jimmy Carter n a bit like @JohnKerry , which is fine, we just need tuffer #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Christie, Huckabee, Walker get top marks... who didn't score well last night http://t.co/3aFiekciTk #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @KennedyNation: #Rubio repeal #DoddFrank. Amen!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Frank Luntz: #GOPDebate "Great News for Ted Cruz" https://t.co/zQJnCZDLyx via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"RT @FrankLuntz: John Kasich got a louder applause from the Q arena in Cleveland than LeBron James.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate @RealBenCarson made some good points on unity and freedom but needs to elaborate more on how he plans to put it in effect."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate  best one I've ever seen.  tactful, informative, little humor"
eng	positive	"“Marco Rubio consistently gave strong and substantive answers” He Wins Main Event: http://t.co/BDqT6TC8W1 #GOPDebate http://t.co/Guk0MjuPH7"
eng	positive	".@SenTedCruz is brilliant, principled, and fearless. The future of the party. The est. Rove, Priebus @GOP is a statist dinosaur. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@brithume: @realDonaldTrump did fine #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Omg!!! Favorite thing. #GOPdebate http://t.co/mGzO0XhAMj"
eng	positive	"Of course #InternationalBeerDay comes after the #GOPDebate. Donald Trump was gold last night. We watched it at a bar http://t.co/X38ctJaxwN"
eng	positive	"My two picks are Marco Rubio &amp; Carly Fiorina!  #GOPDebate   Dream team!"
eng	positive	"RT @Mike_Surtel: @megynkelly your questions were more like attacks on @realDonaldTrump. Then u get upset when he got tough with u! What a j…"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @JohnKasick said God gave him unconditional love, and that's what he will give his children"
eng	positive	"RT @RealMikeBennett: #DonaldTrump finishing each answer during the #GOPDebate http://t.co/AxCSmlUzFL"
eng	positive	"“@megynkelly: What do you think of the #GOPDebate so far?” You were the best thing about the debate. #Republicandebate #megynforpresident"
eng	positive	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: Pulling for trump he is like the "minions" of candidates #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"'It’s better than any sporting event': Wisconsin Dems gather to watch Scott #Walker16 in #GOPDebate http://t.co/etaghxfs2L #wiunion #p2 #ctl"
eng	positive	"Best "reality" show on earth #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"You know when you finish a really good book and you wake up the next day wishing the wacky adventures would never end? ...the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly deserves a big thank you. I'm glad someone asked tough questions--to ALL the candidates. #GOPDebate #GOP2016 #FoxDebate"
eng	positive	"Marco Rubio Told To His Face He's 'Candidate Of Yesterday' For His Anti-Gay Bigotry http://t.co/a4EiuETTLf #GOPDebate http://t.co/GJgHTfODTo"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Trump trumped all Bush bushed Walker weak Huckabee/Cruz loonies-as-usual Carson insignificant Rand sucks Fiorina hysterical"
eng	positive	"Reguardless of your political stances I hope you took time to see the #GOPDebate I LOVE seeing genuine interest in U.S. politics."
eng	positive	"RT @sfloridastorm: #GOPDebate was great becuz of great GOP candidates &amp; great @FoxNews questions. @marcorubio WINS! Top of the Class. http:…"
eng	positive	"Who won last nights debate? It damn well better be #America It's time to kick ass and forget #PC and politics as usual! #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	positive	".@realDonaldTrump just gave a master class on how to get away with sexism http://t.co/36sdQbY52A via @voxdotcom #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @kesgardner: Huckabee: Reagan was "trust but verify." Obama, trust and vilify anyone who disagrees. Very strong answer about the Iran de…"
eng	positive	"MT:@ LessGovMoreFun: . "The American People Want A President Who Will Tell The Truth" --Sen. Ted Cruz #GOPdebate #… http://t.co/n4NtWnOBnL"
eng	positive	"RT @cenkuygur: Love it. Fox News found the one young, black Republican on Facebook! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#gopdebate has me ready for #2016!!! #GOP2016 #goodbyeobama #NeverAgain"
eng	positive	"RT @JewhadiTM: Early Nielsen ratings suggest Thursday's #GOPDebate was most-watched primary debate in history @megynkelly http://t.co/DBzkK…"
eng	positive	"RT @shellbelle1022: Oh my G-O-S-H. She really is fantastic! #CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #ChrisMatthewsgottold  https://t.co/H3DSS4Dxmo"
eng	positive	".@realDonaldTrump said it best last night: It's time to #GetMoneyOut #GOPDebate #GOPTBT #KochVsPope http://t.co/xNo4YcFzIV"
eng	positive	"RT @Rob_guillory: Gotta say when Chris Christie said his first act as President would be to rename Washington DC "Suplex City, USA", he won…"
eng	positive	"If #ChrisChristie's disapproval ratings are high now, wait till the #Bridgegate trial this fall. #GOPDebate #FoxNews http://t.co/r9CTpLW5UP"
eng	positive	"I thought @RealBenCarson did very well last night, I have no idea what @benshapiro is talking about, what a fool #RunBenRun  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I loved watching the #GOPDebate last night.. Need to reset your brain? Check out my newest #YouTube video https://t.co/gosNzvoEtD &lt;-- #July"
eng	positive	"People will watch the #GOPDebate 's to see #Trump but realize "holy crap @tedcruz is the effing man""
eng	positive	"RT @virgiltexas: Hands down, Jim Gilmore won this debate with his impressive resume. #GOPDebate http://t.co/WJCpQl2Jor"
eng	positive	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Marco Rubio Vowed To Take Away Women’s Abortion Rights ‘At Home &amp; Around The World’ http://t.co/zA4FgAY10o #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	positive	"Fox news is actually asking the tough questions. I'm surprised! #gopdebate #WatchParty #rosieodonnell… https://t.co/9popya1qRV"
eng	positive	"If I had to vote today, it would be @realDonaldTrump! #GOPDebate #leader #dominated I saw a CEO of the panel. #CEO of the #Country."
eng	positive	"That #GOPDebate was straight up #privilegeporn.  Loved it!!!"
eng	positive	"RT @lowrancc: "We're borrowing $1M a minute. It's gotta stop somewhere." #StandWithRand #GOPDebate http://t.co/s7ukcFcEfB"
eng	positive	"RT @coach_tricia: @realDonaldTrump I was on the streets talking to people before the debate. Afterwards, the word on the street and inside:…"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @JebBush made a reference to the 5 o'clock debate when discussing he wanted a Repub to win"
eng	positive	"RT @KatiePavlich: Great statement from Carson on race divisions in America #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate was swag. Let's go Trump! Lolololol"
eng	positive	"RT @CalebBonham: @RandPaul's shut down of @ChrisChristie will go down as one of the best lines in debate history #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @TimSullivanMA: Take a close look. This pic is amazing. Everything about it #GOPDebate http://t.co/LaonlLAlWo"
eng	positive	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Rand Paul On Video Admitting He Opposed 1964 Civil Rights Act https://t.co/qzBAzMV7Iz #GOPDebate http://t.co/rPjMIe8buv"
eng	positive	"@_Edman_ @tweetydimes this is how the #GOPdebate shook out http://t.co/sgNkJMetQR"
eng	positive	"RT @JMontanaPOTL: Well stated, Alec. @SenTedCruz owned the #GOPDebate tonight. He always speaks the truth! Always has; always will.  https:…"
eng	positive	"RT @senatorshoshana: This is where @RandPaul's logical consistency rocks it - he's right. Stop funding out enemies, allow @israel to be ind…"
eng	positive	"RT @GaltsGirl: Trump's entire #GOPDebate performance: Don't hate the player. The rules are made for me, and I love it."
eng	positive	"RT @Kagatron: Less than half the speaking time of Trump but our boy @RandPaul carried the night spectacularly! #GOPDebate http://t.co/wnBKt…"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@RandPaul I want to collect more records from terrorists, but less records from innocent Americans #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Trump got double the speaking time of Paul: http://t.co/2wndAiiiKc #GOPDebate http://t.co/1nAioxCLn9"
eng	positive	"RT @AlyssaLafage: Anddd Huckabee was correct on transgender military service. Our armed forces should not be a social experiment. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I wish I could have been in on the #GOPDebate but reading the recap was fun. @ItsRadishTime had the best coverage by far."
eng	positive	"Dr. @BenCarson2016 is a great presidential candidate and he proved it at the #GOPDebate last night. https://t.co/iZAsJZ9yeX"
eng	positive	"Loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump pointed out that Ronald Reagan evolved, and so has he--I don't think they like me"
eng	positive	"RT @buickregal: Carly is fierce &amp; prepared. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Dust up between @RandPaul and @ChrisChristie at the #GOPDebate over #NSA http://t.co/EZMufRVHhQ Christie won when Paul brought up Obama Hug"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio was the clear winner last night. @JohnKasich was polished as well #GOPDebate  https://t.co/d1Amg1fwiW"
eng	positive	"RT @Steve_Girschle: Impressive performance by Governor Huckabee!  #gopdebate #imwithhuck #th16 https://t.co/YkoEr9Zg45"
eng	positive	"RT @exjon: "If Hillary's the candidate, which I doubt..." Well played, Dr. Carson #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"he wont get the nomination but John Kasich spoke a whole lot of sense #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @tjholmes: Right after a question about #BlackLivesMatter, a commercial for the "Straight Outta Compton" movie airs. I can't help but sm…"
eng	positive	"I've picked my 3 favs @ScottWalker @marcorubio @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @AllieRenison: This is true. Fox News team hit it out of the park for last night's #GOPDebate - moderators did a first-rate job https://…"
eng	positive	"Ben, I love ya man. I think it went more like @realDonaldTrump nailed them for thinking he isn't, wasn't. #GOPDebate https://t.co/nuCZHpHlvX"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio came out of the gate like a true leader. I look forward to hearing more about his plans for a better America. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@realDonaldTrump said it last night: It's time to #GetMoneyOut #GOPDebate #GOPTBT #KochVsPope http://t.co/xItysJFLrJ"
eng	positive	"Anybody watch the @realDonaldTrump roast last night? He handled it pretty well. #GOPDebate #VoteTrump"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio won that debate last night and it's not even close. Well done. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate's hometown candidate @JohnKasich gave a touching answer on gay marriage | http://t.co/QtN8echb29 #Kasich4Us #UniteNotDivide"
eng	positive	"RT @Torchie123: This guy got the real shaft in the #GopDebate tonight. WHY IS THAT?  # http://t.co/zw8jUPqP11"
eng	positive	"RT @lions725: @marcorubio won the #GOPDebate last night!"
eng	positive	""Eighty percent of the people in our prisons have addictions or problems." One of the few #GOPDebate moments that made sense @JohnKasich"
eng	positive	"RT @megynkelly: .@realDonaldTrump on giving to #Clinton: I didn’t know money would be used on private jets going all over the world. #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"RT @calfit32: And in spite of #FoxNewsTrumpHitJob #GOPDebate go #Trump2016  https://t.co/aJAeUCqlOZ"
eng	positive	"RT @ElizabethND04: They might be my favorite two, @KennedyNation ! #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #FoxDebate #FoxNews #FNC @FoxNews  https://t.c…"
eng	positive	"I think this was one of the best comments made during the debate. @foxnews #FoxNewsDebate #GOPDebate http://t.co/8xGtwK7ZUi"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich be like: "If you turn out to be gay I'll still love you even if your daddy @tedcruz doesn't." #GOPDebate https://t.co/tTBHqIKPM8"
eng	positive	"As much as I love @RandPaul and will always #StandWithRand, Governor @JohnKasich did a bang up job in the #GOPDebate. That's my two cents."
eng	positive	"RT @Steve_Girschle: Wow Governor Huckabee was fantastic! #gopdebate #imwithhuck #th16 #fairtax"
eng	positive	"Clear winner from last nights #GOPDebate? #MegynKelly  #MegynKellyDebateQuestions https://t.co/N7H3T7hXSz"
eng	positive	"@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump would have been nice if u would have let the 92yr. speak instead of interrupting her! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebate @realDonaldTrump said country needs him to straighten out the financial mess. Support #FairTax &amp; I will vote for you. @FairTax"
eng	positive	"1st #GOPDebate--Encouraging to see several candidates express their faith in God and His Son, Jesus Christ. http://t.co/6ZjWBXBPse"
eng	positive	"RT @RhondaWatkGwyn: Yes he does! He is confident and well composed. #imwithhuck #GOPDebate #th2016 https://t.co/HhRUhE6lte"
eng	positive	"RT @SS_Howell: THIS #FeelTheBern #Bernie2016 #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate As a veteran I believe military budget should be slashed https://…"
eng	positive	"RT @ElizabethND04: Wow. Awesome Dr. Carson race answer! @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #FoxNews #FoxDebate @FoxNews #FNC  https:/…"
eng	positive	"RT @ElizabethND04: Regardless of who we all vote for, let's be honest: Dr. Carson has had the most meaningful life of these people. God ble…"
eng	positive	"RT @jonmcclellan: Miss the #GOPDebate tonight? Be sure to watch @TedCruz strong closing statement.  https://t.co/kQlgCBaV7p #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"Gotta say when Chris Christie said his first act as President would be to rename Washington DC "Suplex City, USA", he won my vote.#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly I thought you did a great job last night. You asked hard questions and kept the candidates on their toes. #GOPDebate #MegynKelly"
eng	positive	"Have a little too much fun #lastnight watching #GOPDebate? Come nurse your post-night woes with some nice Pastrami or a #knish. #kosher"
eng	positive	"best part of #GOPDebate -@realDonaldTrump telling @megynkelly "we aint cool for real &amp; i dont have to be nice to yo ass""
eng	positive	"RT @JohnKasich: Giving a free #Kasich4Us hat away - random from the first 250 RTs! GO! #GOPDebate http://t.co/MgwMsSLRDP"
eng	positive	"RT About to take the stage for #GOPDebate - handing my account over to @TeamMarco staff. Follow along at http://t.co/1bk9bCIj7f"
eng	positive	"Really enjoyed everything @marcorubio had to say last night. #Rubio2016 #GOPDebate #AmericaOnPoint"
eng	positive	"Voting for @realDonaldTrump, without question. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @groundgamehq: Nearly 50 Walker House Parties in SC tonight.  We got your back @ScottWalker  #GOPDebate #Walker16 http://t.co/yUpJdhwXjh"
eng	positive	"@AlyonaMink is unpacking the #GOPDebate with a really great panel right now on @HuffPostLive. I'm so enthralled..."
eng	positive	"RT @videosurg: It's nice that 2 MDs, 2 surgeons are in #GOPDebate hopefully a trend @AAPSonline can encourage"
eng	positive	"Take a close look. This pic is amazing. Everything about it #GOPDebate http://t.co/LaonlLAlWo"
eng	positive	"@carlyfiorina #GOPdebate She's on fire! Runs Circles Around Chris Matthews Over Hillary's Record https://t.co/DFMIxp48nj"
eng	positive	""We don't win anymore.  We lose to China.  We lose to Mexico.  We lose to everybody." -Trump  Preach it, sir, preach it! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"“@FoxNews: .@RealBenCarson on race relations in this country at the #GOPDebate: https://t.co/YjmFdyE6x4” Wise words from @RealBenCarson"
eng	positive	"RT @JosephMRyan1: #GOPDebate Proved Beautiful Women Certainly Should Be Debate Moderators Great Job Martha You &amp; Carly Belong In Top 10 htt…"
eng	positive	"RT @bgittleson: Facebook says its top social moment of the #GOPDebate was the Chris Christie-Rand Paul interaction on the NSA"
eng	positive	""The problem this country has is being politically correct" -Trump  Amen sir, amen. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RhondaWatkGwyn: Amen! I pray 4 #Huckabee &amp; his family every day.He has been spectacular 2night. #imwithhuck #GOPDebate #th2016 https://…"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina Just donated $9.  Rock on, Carly! #GOPDebate #Cleveland"
eng	positive	"This lady is the BOMB: https://t.co/EUbFIOxQZC @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"No matter what @realDonaldTrump was the reason a lot of people tuned in last night who wouldn’t have otherwise. Good for the #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"Glenn Beck is saying Rand is a big winner in the #GOPDebate and Christie is a big loser. #StandWithRand #GetAWarrant  @RandPaul"
eng	positive	"RT @saladinahmed: That part where Huckabee started screaming about fetuses and spraying chrome paint in his mouth was intense. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @abe_munoz: @RandPaul Had the least speaking time at the #GOPDebate,and still said more with fewer words. #StandWithRand"
eng	positive	"RT @mikandynothem: ☞RETWEET☜ if you agree any of these #GOP candidates will be better than Clinton. #GOPDebate #FoxNews #tcot #pjnet http:/…"
eng	positive	"My favorite moment from last night's #GOPDebate. (Not an endorsement.) https://t.co/w53nMImi83"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate I believe @JebBush made some of the most valid points last night bringing different facts and imformation about flordia."
eng	positive	"RT @mikandynothem: Best line tonight: @ScottWalker: "Russia and China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than Congress." #GOPDebate #…"
eng	positive	"Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/rV90KrHkmI"
eng	positive	"RT @shmhpodcast: Ted Cruz knows words. And he's willing to say them. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @RandPaul said Reagan negotiated and so will he. But from a place of strength."
eng	positive	"RT @AmnaKhalid: “If I have to monitor a mosque, I’ll monitor a mosque,” declaims Sen Lindsay Graham. That’s the rhetoric that wins GOP hear…"
eng	positive	"While I wasn't too impressed with her questions last night, @megynkelly 's dress rocked!!! #whoareyouwearing #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	positive	"RT @AngelaHaysMoore: Liberals, CNN agree: Fox did a great job! - http://t.co/4DGIJ1w0gs - conservatives in an uproar against @Foxnews #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Watched the #GOPDebate, but kept thinking, "This is the real answer 2 America's problems!" #seekweek15 @LifeAction  https://t.co/DJcj7BHGZb"
eng	positive	"RT @ColMorrisDavis: Props to @ScottWalker for giving a shoutout to union-made @harleydavidson! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ImtheBoogyman: http://t.co/gXSpz9KqJ7 Who won the debate? I voted @realDonaldTrump cast your vote with an honest source @DRUDGE not @Fo…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate From a New Hampshire Republucan:  "Bush looked like the adult on stage."  @JebBush  good job."
eng	positive	"Enjoying #Democrat panic over #Hillary cratering in polls. People won't support pandering, sneaky unsympathetic politician...#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @crib160: Excited to see how my personal favorites will continue to do after last night! @CarlyFiorina @marcorubio and @RealBenCarson #G…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Proved Beautiful Women Certainly Should Be Debate Moderators Great Job Martha You &amp; Carly Belong In Top 10 http://t.co/nP0VNGnOTx"
eng	positive	"Carly Fiorina needs to be Secretary of State or on the ticket as VP, at least, so extremely smart and sharp! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Rand Paul is the only anti-government candidate who actually makes sense. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Favorite quote of the night "Freedom isn't free" #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I strongly disagree with @benshapiro saying @RealBenCarson  "isn’t a presidential candidate, and he didn’t look like one"  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @katestratton3: @missumuggins @tak31523 THANKS @GovMikeHuckabee Who SpokeOut  at #GOPDebate for US #Hostages in #Iran #FreeAmirNow+3 htt…"
eng	positive	"RT @slaboe: [VIDEO] http://t.co/taPH65klje @CarlyFiorina Rocks the 1st Round of #GOPDebate #Carly2016 http://t.co/3L7YiMjXDL"
eng	positive	"Amen! This gentleman definitely has my vote. Love him and what he stands for. #GOPDebate #onpoint #patriot https://t.co/aNzmdIOrVe"
eng	positive	"RT @Doc_JJK: She won both debates...#GOPDebate @FoxNews http://t.co/oEzz6jtPO8"
eng	positive	"Floyd5689: Loved watching the #GOPDebate last night! We need realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericagreatagain. #inspiration"
eng	positive	"I nominate @FoxNews for the "Best Comedy Special" Emmy in 2015; their parody of a political debate was outstanding.  #GOPDebate #GOP2016"
eng	positive	"So after the #GOPDebate last night I think I know who I want to be president. #MegynKelly #MegynKellyforPresident #MegynKelly2016"
eng	positive	"RT @pursueliberty: Truer and more poignant words were never spoken on a debate stage. Well done, @tedcruz #GOPDebate  https://t.co/XULzpGLh…"
eng	positive	"RT @RandPaul: Rand Paul Is Leading The Fight To Defund Planned Parenthood  Read more here: https://t.co/pUpwnGlaot #GOPDebate http://t.co/I…"
eng	positive	"The mainstream media wants to limit our options to establishment puppets. We know who won! #StandwithRand #GOPDebate http://t.co/UYEQy2Nh7A"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @MarcoRubio spoke about repealing Dodd-Frank. He is a champion of #smallbusiness."
eng	positive	"Donald Trump won viewers' attention during the #GOPdebate, though probably not the debate itself http://t.co/ftgGl1ZG1C"
eng	positive	"RT @drginaloudon: Bo (my son, age 8) has the #HappyHour #GOPDEBATE all figured out...   "Trump should be President. I mean, he's so... http…"
eng	positive	"RT @renomarky: Went to bed speechless after #GOPDebate , woke up pissd off with how @megynkelly @FoxNews went about attacking @realDonaldTr…"
eng	positive	"RT @VINNYGUADAGNINO: Bro Donald Trump has to stay in this race as long as possible for entertainment purposes #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Watching #GOPDebate from last night. Wow Trump on fire first 15mins. Says what he thinks, is this a new popular breed in politics? #corbyn"
eng	positive	"RT @TheRighToExist: Wow!! She is good!! Watch @CarlyFiorina make Chris Matthews look foolish. I'm liking her more &amp; more!! http://t.co/kebn…"
eng	positive	"During #FoxNews' #GOPDebate, #MegynKelly was suffering from delusions that she was a #Minnesota dentist, and #DonaldTrump was #CecilTheLion."
eng	positive	"Early numbers suggest record audience for first #GOPDebate #Walker16 http://t.co/w96zq1aRUH via @CNNMoney"
eng	positive	"RT @JaclynHStrauss: I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said the country needs him to straighten out the financial mess."
eng	positive	"RT @Thomasismyuncle: Good question by Chris Wallace... Cons better learn how to battle these stereotypes #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @tperkins: TRUTH: The military is not a social experiment. -- @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@MikeHuckabeeGOP says he wants 2 legalize prostitution &amp; drugs &amp; tax the hell out of them? That's what I've been saying for yrs. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @PatriotJackiB: @MichaelvdGalien @LWilsonDarlene That was fear. They tried to shut @tedcruz out in the #GOPDebate but his message was he…"
eng	positive	"Nice work @megynkelly asking tough q's in #GOPDebate. Speaking for young Rep's, @marcorubio @johnkasich @realbencarson won some hearts!"
eng	positive	"#Trump's truest and best line: "if it weren’t for me you wouldn’t even be talking about illegal immigration" #TRUMPEFFECT  #GOPDEBATE"
eng	positive	"Loved watching the #GOPDebate last night! We need @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericagreatagain. #inspiration"
eng	positive	"So who won the #GOPDebate last night? I think #Rubio and #Cruz commanded the stage. #Trump did more harm than good for himself"
eng	positive	""People could care less if you like them, they want their civil rights"- @RaulAReyes on the topic of LGBT rights at the #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"He has the record and experience! #ExperienceMatters! .@GovernorPerry: I’m Ready To Be POTUS: https://t.co/TtNL12DLmN #Perry2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate When they all stand on stage together, it looks like a @realDonaldTrump cabinet meeting."
eng	positive	"ICYMI: Frank Luntz: #GOPDebate "Great News for Ted Cruz" | Cruz for President http://t.co/qKO1ltdfBP"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said the country needs him to straighten out the financial mess."
eng	positive	"RT @Amandajbutt: @karen_estill Yes #Huckabee was on fire!So proud of his boldness,convictions shining through! #Imwithhuck #gopdebate https…"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said he's made 10 billion dollars. And America owes 19 trillion."
eng	positive	"RT @PaperCutPrint: #GOPDebate  looked like fun. Though I think I missed the swimsuit and talent contest rounds. #EveryoneLovesAPrincess htt…"
eng	positive	"RT @brownandbella: Trump packed his fucks in a separate suitcase that never made it Ohio. THIS THE BEST DEBATE EVER. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said the lenders are killers. Chris Wallace was exceedingly disrespectful"
eng	positive	"RT @AngelaHaysMoore: A good debate is when you don't even notice the moderators. @FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @PamelaGeller: In my considered opinion the winners tonight are Ted Cruz, Ben Carson, and Marco Rubio #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Big hit of the #GOPDebate for me? @CarlyFiorina, @RandPaul on NSA, @RealBenCarson, @MarcoRubio. and @SenTedCruz closing statements"
eng	positive	"NYTimes: “It compels me to write a cluster of words I never imagined writing: hooray for Fox News.” #GOPdebate  http://t.co/zDJ3liGTAy"
eng	positive	"RT @foolsinthehalls: WOW! Even @marcorubio is saying we should be using E-Verify! @GOP are coming over to the Dems side! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @OhNoSheTwitnt: I'm surprised Trump doesn't use air quotes when he says "president" Obama. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@PFTCommenter's national recognition (&amp; hair) is the best thing to come out of the #GOPDebate http://t.co/kCjlyXBxvQ http://t.co/qM68cVQMvE"
eng	positive	"My personal front runners for #2016 : #Cruz #Carson #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@dcexaminer Hell no! I can think of about 5 GOP candidates she CANT beat. NOBODY fears @hillaryclinton anymore. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Thank you Donald Trump ...  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/Cw81oP2bt4"
eng	positive	"Fifty-fifty% on "the stupidity of the American voter" .@RealBenCarson on @HillaryClinton at the #GOPDebate http://t.co/pkyjSglvFr"
eng	positive	"Dr. Ben Carson's Closing Statements at #GopDebate #2016Election https://t.co/0FqaLjoz3c via @YouTube"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said on 4 occasions he's used the laws of America to his advantage."
eng	positive	"@FrankLuntz I think you did a great job with the panel, it was great to see hard questions being put forward @megynkelly #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Donated to @PPact in @JebBush name during the #GOPDebate. #StandwithPP #PlannedParenthood @monteiro http://t.co/XDjZV1tR9N"
eng	positive	"Is it jut me or is @tedcruz playing 3D chess in a room full of checkers players?  #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Econ @MarcoRubio won @JebBush falters @GovMikeHuckabee exaggerates @GovChristie Good idea #SocialSecurity http://t.co/rJk8S4Hd6F"
eng	positive	"The only true contenders are #Rubio, #Bush, #Walker, and #Kasich. #Carly is really making the case to be the VP nominee, though. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: @FOXNEWS #GOPdebate @megynkelly   I am PROUD of AMERICANS seeing THROUGH the BIAS, SETUP TRICK, PersonalAttacks, Favor…"
eng	positive	"2016 PREDICTION:   Clinton 43.0%  Bush 37.5%  Trump 18.9%   (millions don't vote b/c Bush is a RINO)  https://t.co/BDSp6iG77V  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@brithume: "I think we have a clear winner ... Carly Fiorina" #GOPDebate #Carly2016 https://t.co/3JmYdIdcdf"
eng	positive	"This is a Long-Shot but if #RandPaul won the Republican Nomination and chose #RonPaul has his Running Mate, He'd have my Vote. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RepGeoffDiehl: #GOPDebate is great, but for #MAGOP who want to take a positive step for our state on Nov. 3, please attend: https://t.c…"
eng	positive	"RT @UniteWomenOrg: #CarlyFiorina is perfect GOP candidate. Great performance at #GOPDebate with 0% truth rating via @PolitiFact"
eng	positive	"RT @MichiganCRs: "I believe the people are looking for someone to tell the truth" @tedcruz #Cruz2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @EvilConservativ: @tedcruz was brilliant last night as always. I love #Trump/Cruz or Cruz/@CarlyFiorina ticket for the win #GOPDebate  h…"
eng	positive	"RT @gb_ball: Carly Fiorina would make a phenomenal contrast against the dilapidated figure of a dishonest and corrupted Hilary Clinton. #GO…"
eng	positive	"Marco Rubio emerges as the party’s brightest star http://t.co/kggnwJ9GC4 #GOPDebate #Rubio2016 #ImwithMarco"
eng	positive	"BEST THING I'VE READ TODAY. I'm forever thankful for the wit and humor of Willy Boy. #GOP #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ovKOImS5Ty"
eng	positive	"@tedcruz was brilliant last night as always. I love #Trump/Cruz or Cruz/@CarlyFiorina ticket for the win #GOPDebate  https://t.co/qe4GGapqC1"
eng	positive	"Donald Trump gets the award for most entertaining. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @ProfessorF: Agreed. Well said @RealBenCarson! #GOPDebate #WakeUpAmerica https://t.co/N0k0VaHZg6"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump Wild Card 2016 Presidential Race. It's Good to be Underestimated! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPDebate http://t.co/bnBPBZ82o6"
eng	positive	"RT @NerdyWonka: Somewhere in the White House, President Barack Obama is doing this and he's not even watching the #GOPDebate http://t.co/Yr…"
eng	positive	"I made a donation to the Democratic Party in the middle of last night's #GOPDebate &amp; I don't claim a party affiliation. #Scary"
eng	positive	"RT @Sanddragger: #TrumpBashing at it's finest. #MegynKelly #MegynKellyDebateQuestions #GOPDebate https://t.co/3vyUKSNrWE"
eng	positive	"BTW ... @CarlyFiorina earned a spot at the "big table" for next debate, don't you think?  #GOPDebate #shebrungit"
eng	positive	"RT @coryhaik: .@washingtonpost collab w @Genius on #GOPDebate was pretty awesome http://t.co/Y7HXub2yAz annotation is cool ;) http://t.co/W…"
eng	positive	"Look at Jeb coming through with throwing GWB under the bus about the Iraq War. He needs to do this more often. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump can insult everyone &amp; call them stupid but then cries at @megynkelly tough but fair questions.#GOPDebate @assholeofday"
eng	positive	"RT @JaclynHStrauss: I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @realDonaldTrump said the insurance companies have control over the politicians #obam…"
eng	positive	"RT @ggfletcher: Trump's big beautiful door: #GOPDebate http://t.co/f2CR23uXFL"
eng	positive	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful http://t.co/OKOqZojXFJ  #DonaldTrump  #GOPDebate http://t.co/yTusGmoClG"
eng	positive	"“@EricHaywood: The #GOPDebate got my man Ben Carson out there like: http://t.co/NcWnW9JttT”"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio make it happen, cap'n!! Your responses at the #GOPDebate  were spot on. Thank you!! #Rubio2016 #GeniusAtWork #PartyOfTheFuture"
eng	positive	"@chuckwoolery I'm just hoping I have an opportunity to vote for @CarlyFiorina by the time the CA primary cones around. #GOPDebate #Carly2016"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio As part of the Luntz focus group, I can report you received the most consistent &amp; highest favorable ratings! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MartinOMalley: Didn’t see the #GOPdebate, but heard it was entertaining. #WWOMD? Have more democratic debates. -O'M #WeNeedDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump dodged those questions like a first 48 suspect lol #GOPDebate #"
eng	positive	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/8PxIVxHnxB - #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	positive	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/TdLF7jC3Ig - #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	positive	"Fox News Couldn't Kill #Trump’s Momentum &amp; May Have Only Made It Stronger. #GOPDebate  http://t.co/UjAgBlG1UQ"
eng	positive	"RT @AmyMek: I am #ProLife -&gt; @realDonaldTrump, I hate the concept of abortion! I have evolved…. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate Only 1 can b Potus however I see some really great cabinet choices."
eng	positive	"Loved the first #GOPdebate 🎉🎉🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"I wouldn't mind John Kasich as my next president! #Kasich4Us #Kasich #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly You did an awesome at the #GOPDebate  I thought you were professional and pleasant to watch.  Great questions btw.  #standtall"
eng	positive	"@linnyitssn His ace in the hole is Ohio.  Republicans must win OHIO. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/ybbA83GtMY -#GOPDebate #DonaldTrump http://t.co/1cJ3Zy1U4w"
eng	positive	"@alexhalperin @nandelabra Thanks, made the donation. Everyone needs to donate to Planned Parenthood after watching #GOPDebate!"
eng	positive	"that debate #GOPDebate was the best experience of my life. It will be a tough race for sure."
eng	positive	"RT @BuckSexton: You also get the sense that @CarlyFiorina is actually the competent executive that Hillary Clinton pretends to be, but neve…"
eng	positive	"I didn't watch #GOPDebate, but here's my list of faves thus far:  Walker Fiorina . . Rubio . . . . . everyone else  #p2 #tcot"
eng	positive	"Glad to see that Jesus got a shout-out at las night's debate. Them candidates were pushing the envelope. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @mtranquilnight: #GOPDebate really captured the schism b/t Fox News' very professional production design team &amp; intellectual dimwit (but…"
eng	positive	"Yeah, I'm sticking with independent. #GOPDebate #GOPPrimary"
eng	positive	"RT @pattonoswalt: Tough words, Donald Trump. No way Obama's gonna get re-elected now! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@mcbyrne Trump did NOT threaten Megyn Kelly, drama queen. #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #FoxDebate"
eng	positive	"Props to the @foxnews anchors for asking the tough questions -- as usual -- in the debate last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @BiasedGirl: Thank you, @megynkelly for exposing Donald Trump as the fraud he is. Thank You.   #GOPDebate #DumpTrump"
eng	positive	"RT @PolicingWatch: It's quite entertaining to read other countries' headlines of #GOPDebate vs American ones. The sensibility elsewhere giv…"
eng	positive	"RT @BradWalsh: I will 100% vote for Donald Trump if, at the end of all this, he looks directly at the camera and shouts "The Aristocrats!" …"
eng	positive	"RT @JordanSekulow: Clear: @JebBush - federal government shouldn't be involved in setting education curriculum, states should do that #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"WHAT IS THE GREATEST THING EVER @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  https://t.co/RkKuHeT4jS"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate made me so pumped for politics over the next year #noshame #republicansunite"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate winners: Trump, Cruz, Carson, Kasich, Huckabee, Fiorina #POTUS #Trump2016 #republicans"
eng	positive	"My takeaways: Rubio cemented himself as damn good candidate Christie reminded everyone he's legit  Kasich stood out w/ time given #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@NPR and I'm sure Immigrant Song came up #GOPdebate or #ledzepplin"
eng	positive	"RT @alexandergold: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's selfie with Hillary Clinton is more important than anything said at the #GOPDebate."
eng	positive	".@ScottWalker's line on #Russia's knowledge of the #Clinton emails was pretty good. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MarkBinda: Huge local ratings for #GOPDebate in Nashville last night: 14.3. No other show in Nashville yesterday got above a 9 rating."
eng	positive	"RT @youngrepub_: Rubio is my man right now. So well-spoken. Very impressive. #GOPDebate #DebateWithFFL"
eng	positive	"@Newsweek @tedcruz Priceless💛❤️ My favorite picture and it speaks volumes about this amazing man. #CruzCrew #GOPDebate @marklevinshow #ccot"
eng	positive	"RT @kdstarbux: #Fiorina likely emerged a winner by not sharing the second #GOPDebate stage, but shining brightly on the first one."
eng	positive	"The only commentary needed for last night's #GOPDebate: @sorkinese. #westwing ftw! :)"
eng	positive	"@BecketAdams no way can the Dems ever be that much fun! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@howardfineman verdict on #GOPdebate: Trump Trips, but Trumpism Wins http://t.co/jaPp3PBI8u"
eng	positive	"My #GOPDebate review:👎🏻-Bush, Kasich; Eh-Huckabee, Christie; OK, wanted more-Paul, Cruz, Rubio; 👍🏻-Trump, Walker, Carson. Overall-good group"
eng	positive	"RT @CynthiaRoldan: Early numbers suggest #GOPdebate the most-watched primary debate in history http://t.co/weyG5ZLnSK"
eng	positive	"I rarely say it: Props 2 @FoxNews for asking tough Qs at #GOPdebate. W/ their "special" link to conservatives, only they could - &amp; they did"
eng	positive	"RT @SenatorBirdwell: Thank you @TedCruz for fighting for #KatesLaw. Sanctuary cities are a major issue in Texas and nationwide. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate I was struck by Jeb saying, he humbly urged people to vote when they get the chance. Great leaders are humble. Lincoln, Reagan"
eng	positive	"Move over gents. #GOPdebate Two debates, one winner — Carly http://t.co/KueVBlsuGK via @DCExaminer"
eng	positive	"I'll admit, some of @realDonaldTrump's commentary during the #GOPDebate was quite hilarious."
eng	positive	"Actually Trump, we live in the least violent time in human history. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @chuckwoolery  There are a lot of good people running. That’s my takeaway.  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @BigHeadSports: Ben Carson moved up on my draft board. Sneaky quickness, reads the field well. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @kavithadavidson: I will totally stay tuned for god, Megyn. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @DabneyPorte: Ohhhh #BenCarson. Your honesty and beautiful soul make us love you #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"@LarronB overall the @GOP candidates demonstrated competence, command of the issues &amp; a shared optimistic vision. Thts what mttrs #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Trump-ratings #GOPDebate  "overnight numbers seemed to surpass everyone's expectations"  http://t.co/G3AaWdOBpd"
eng	positive	"RT @full_of_moxie: it's such a low bar we set, but I was mostly impressed with @JohnKasich's ability to act like he had some sense on stage…"
eng	positive	"I think I'm the only one that liked the #GOPDebate. I'm glad for the tough questions off the bat. I know where they stand on issues now 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @RossCameron4: #GOPDebate rules used to require the audience to stay silent. The @GOP trusting audience to boo applaud was genius. http:…"
eng	positive	"Excited to see how my personal favorites will continue to do after last night! @CarlyFiorina @marcorubio and @RealBenCarson #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	positive	"Last night #Rand Paul show us that he will face Donald #Trump and beat him many times if it possible #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@BenCarson2016 @SenTedCruz believable  #GOPDebate   @megynkelly so #polished  #tough  @GovMikeHuckabee funny guy  Great #theater"
eng	positive	"Hands up who won the #GOPDebate polls show @realDonaldTrump to increase his lead after win,America trusts #Trump2016 http://t.co/GKa0V49AlB"
eng	positive	"#RickSantorum brings full crazy to GOP debate, compares same-sex marriage and abortion to slavery http://t.co/oHxdLlKnVx #WeGotEd #Gopdebate"
eng	positive	"Kinda liking #DonaldTrump for prez. #GOPDebate #KeepitReal"
eng	positive	"RT @Sir_Max: bentonlee1: RT DrMartyFox: #Trump Wins Drudge  Debate Poll   ➡️ By A Landslide   #TedCruz #2   #GOPDebate #PJNET🇺🇸… http://t.c…"
eng	positive	"Looking at @Wonkette's liveblog from the #GOPdebate I'm proud of my livetweeting. My play by play was on par with... http://t.co/SPZ56HeTpG"
eng	positive	"I think @FoxNews did everything it could to derail the @realDonaldTrump during the #GOPDebate. Newsflash you failed @megynkelly"
eng	positive	"@greta @CarlyFiorina after last night @CarlyFiorina jumped to the top of my list! #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #Fiorina"
eng	positive	"RT @wriglied: Huckabee: We need a leader who believes we can once again be one nation under God.  SEPARATION. BETWEEN. CHURCH. AND. STATE. …"
eng	positive	".@RealBenCarson is a class act #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebate: Early numbers suggest record audience ... http://t.co/AsONS3bsG6"
eng	positive	"Rubio, Cruz  and Carson were the top  dawgs  in last night's debate. -Walker  and Huckabee  also had great   mments.#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I'm really impressed with @RandPaul 's ability to NOT roll his eyes at @ChrisChristie #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"...and that's why he's the only one who can lead the #NewAmericanCentury! #StudentsForRubio #GOPDebate  https://t.co/rmd1PFxxNZ"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews @CarlyFiorina won these debates hands down. Let's talked about her. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I've never been a huge Christie fan, but he's the ONLY who made it a point to mention entitlement reform. The only one. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT Cheryl_Now: Amen! This gentleman definitely has my vote. Love him and what he stands for. #GOPDebate #onpoint #… https://t.co/aNzmdIOrVe"
eng	positive	"Looks like last night was the highest rated primary debate in history: http://t.co/vJRFUPGVqn #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@andykhouri "never give up your leverage before the negotiation starts" - Donald #Trump 2015 #GOPDebate  #TrumpForPresident"
eng	positive	"bentonlee1: RT DrMartyFox: #Trump Wins Drudge  Debate Poll   ➡️ By A Landslide   #TedCruz #2   #GOPDebate #PJNET🇺🇸… http://t.co/6lZ5pSAFMS"
eng	positive	"RT @FiveStarFlicks: I missed the #GOPDebate (driving The Mother Road) but I did take a very satisfying bowel movement in Bushland, Texas. h…"
eng	positive	"@MSGDannyRet "never give up your leverage before the negotiation starts" - Donald #Trump 2015 #GOPDebate  #TrumpForPresident"
eng	positive	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when #ScottWalker asked rhetorically, "How is Hillary Clinton going to lecture me?""
eng	positive	"I missed the #GOPDebate (driving The Mother Road) but I did take a very satisfying bowel movement in Bushland, Texas. http://t.co/e0HUW70rRR"
eng	positive	"@FoxNews @megynkelly @DanaPerino @GOP #RNC @Reince -&gt; WE raised OUR hands too! #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NoAmnesty"
eng	positive	"Please Join Me to Congratulate @realDonaldTrump on his Success in #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain His 1st Debate! http://t.co/7AM5odCBvW"
eng	positive	"RT @saadcrates: Watchign @RandPaul knock that self righteous fat half wit @ChrisChristie the F out was so worth it. Great reality TV #GOPDe…"
eng	positive	"RT @EusebiaAq: @sternnschool Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LF…"
eng	positive	"RT @AnthonyCumia: This guy has my vote. #GOPDebate http://t.co/yQ7Hu3Uv7s"
eng	positive	"Jeb Bush was somewhat impressive  unlike trump which surprised  me.#GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Enjoyed the #GOPDebate last night.  I think Trump stumbled.  Rubio was solid.  #anyonebuthillary"
eng	positive	"RT @TheMurdochTimes: OK, sure. @RupertMurdoch: "Scott Walker will be an interesting candidate." #GOPDebate #US2016 https://t.co/QRBQCMeBuF"
eng	positive	"Perfect #GOPDebate  https://t.co/r5OZZtaeAb"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate they didn't give Trump chance to answer the most important question. But he is still a winner."
eng	positive	"RT @TheBenWalters: Thanks to Trump, the #GOPDebate shattered viewership records. Many voters introduced to candidates they wouldn't know ex…"
eng	positive	"@Dc37Deborah thought you would enjoy my recap of the #GOPDebate: https://t.co/6kE7zRYEPZ"
eng	positive	"Oh my G-O-S-H. She really is fantastic! #CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #ChrisMatthewsgottold  https://t.co/H3DSS4Dxmo"
eng	positive	"@slone @instapundit There are actually people angry that the candidates were asked real questions?  Seriously? #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"My response when @megynkelly tried to call @realDonaldTrump a sexist: "CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!" #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @JessicaValenti: as an italian-american i appreciate walker's ability to talk with his hands. that's the nicest thing i have to say #GOP…"
eng	positive	"RT @renomarky: This picture taken during #GOPDebate of #Hillary2016 tels you how she's so in touch with middle-class hardworking 🇺🇸s http:/…"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson Astounding job at the #GOPDebate. Poised, dignified, humble yet unwavering."
eng	positive	"I like what @JohnKasich said last night about @realDonaldTrump hitting a nerve in this country #GOPDebate #Trump https://t.co/wq2cxxGsai"
eng	positive	"GOP debate: Early numbers suggest record audience http://t.co/TUV31vgKLY #trump2016 #gop #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Bidenshairplugs: Retweet if you're tired of the Democrats importing third world peasants to win elections, and the GOP not trying to st…"
eng	positive	"So this Vine of @RandPaul's eye roll to Chris Christie at the #GOPDebate last night has 4 MILLION loops: https://t.co/hf318QSoWD"
eng	positive	"#Carly2016 : @CarlyFiorina was 'dominant' winner of #GOPdebate night. @ChrisStirewalt http://t.co/72u0fGvb9J"
eng	positive	"As usual, @Peggynoonannyc very insightful on the #GOPDebate candidates: http://t.co/4yp5VfABjq"
eng	positive	"RT @SmartBlackMan: Bush knocked down the Towers tho...#GOPDebate #KKKorGOP"
eng	positive	"The next #GOPDebate, I believe @CarlyFiorina deserves a seat at the big table.  #TCOT #RedNationRising #PJNET"
eng	positive	"Best line of the night?  #MarcoRubio #GOPDebate http://t.co/zhnqHDPILn"
eng	positive	""God gives me unconditional love, I'm going to give it to my family, my friends, and the people around me." ~ Kasich #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	".@JohnKasich surprises me again with his #gaymarriage answer. I like this guy. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"These are great! Which is your fave?  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/EojrKB1ahS"
eng	positive	"GOP Debate last night was interesting! I'm super exciting to see where things go from here as we get closer to 2016. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @SouthernHomo: Yes, I'm a Democrat and I still watched the #GOPDebate because I want to be an informed voter and know candidates positio…"
eng	positive	"So @JohnKasich says we should respects all take care of the poor &amp; the sick ...Bad news he's Not getting the #GOP  nomination  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"The Donald, in spite of megyn kelly, won the debate, #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @robportman: Packed house in Dublin for our #GOPdebate watch party! http://t.co/qhPE4anYZ3"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"Great images. #GOPDebate #photography https://t.co/fOxKcpUroF"
eng	positive	"Listening to @CNN recap the #GOPDebate all day at work..... This should be fun........"
eng	positive	"“@WSJ: Did Donald Trump’s performance at the first #GOPdebate help or hurt him? # he spoke the truth you either like you or not I do."
eng	positive	"@thehill she's the only one with any promise at the JV game #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"I want to see Donald Trump as US President. He is awesome. #GOPDebate http://t.co/gWVflrsZk4"
eng	positive	"Marc Sandalow: Rubio Made A Strong Case About The Benefits Of His Conservative Values #GOPDebate http://t.co/1Zb75gqMUW"
eng	positive	"Stars in the debate last night were Rubio and Kasich. #GOPDebate at least Kasich sounded compassionate."
eng	positive	"RT @StephenH2OMan: But Carly Fiorina winning the early debate may have done more for her campaign than anyone else! #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Wow, I expected a lot of people would watch the #GOPDebate but not this many http://t.co/io41NN1omN"
eng	positive	"RT @JRpolitirants: Here's who I'm rooting for tonight! #CruzCrew #CruzToVictory I'm so pumped and ready for the first #GOPDebate ! http://t…"
eng	positive	"I'm not a republican but GOTDAM I love Chris Christie #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @MelsLien: And the winner of tonight's #GOPDebate was: Me, for making it through the #GOPdebate."
eng	positive	"Great job @RandPaul on the #GOPDebate !  I enjoyed listening to u!"
eng	positive	".@GovWalker was solid. He knew his stuff &amp; was comfortable. He has an excellent track record of success against opposition. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump taught me during the #GOPDebate that it's okay to be mean to others if you can reframe it as anti-political correctness"
eng	positive	"RT @CarlyFiorina: Talked with @ijreview about my pre-debate ritual. I take Solitaire very seriously. https://t.co/O7UJL56NM7 #GOPDebate #Ca…"
eng	positive	"RT @realRoseIzzo: Outstanding Mr Trump! #TrumpWins &gt;@DanScavino: #GOPDebate Winner! Drudge 50%  TIME 46% FOXSD @realDonaldTrump http://t.co…"
eng	positive	"Must admire @megynkelly for asking tough questions of all candidates and standing up for her fellow women. Proud of her. #gopdebate"
eng	positive	"Miss the format of CNN/YouTube #presidentialdebate of 07! So fun, informative--bring them back! #GOPDebate #DemDebate http://t.co/6NjA6P36UL"
eng	positive	"Christie with the #1 slam of the #GOPDebate http://t.co/4P1vQtIwXf"
eng	positive	"@RandPaul did what the whole field should have done and went on the offensive against Trump and Christie. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @DrMwba: Tell the bimbo to shut the F up #DonaldTrump! Hahahaha #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Morning after: @marcorubio and @CarlyFiorina were the stars yesterday. @JohnKasich as runner-up. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Classic! @ChrisCarleyShow @FoxNews @msnbc #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lisa_Luerssen: 1st place Fiorina. 2nd place Jindal. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DoriaBiddle: The #GOPDebates were everything we could have hoped for and less."
eng	positive	"@kimguilfoyle Exceptional candidates in crowded field:almost all qualified for president, VP, or cabinet appointee #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @monaeltahawy: Love Liza's cartoons! #GOPDebates  https://t.co/VkhQN0s7N4"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@CarlyFiorina trumped 16 candidates,cleared 5 Fox hounds in 2 #GOPDebates  on 1 night in high heels. No sweat. #tcot https://t.co/bwbOTEVnXe"
eng	positive	"Love Liza's cartoons! #GOPDebates  https://t.co/VkhQN0s7N4"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#gopdebates @BillHemmer thank God the early debate was handled professionally and without SHOCK value soundbite personal advancement for FOX"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"Huff Post is praising @megynkelly. That should tell you something. #GOPDebates @foxnewspolitics"
eng	positive	"…#Trump wasn't going to play their PC game #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @BillHemmer"
eng	positive	"To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @BillHemmer"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"After watching the #GOPdebates I've made my decision! I'm voting for @megynkelly OMG! Where has she been all my life ? She is so HOT"
eng	positive	"Oh gurrrrrlll!  :D #GOPDebates #IWonderHowManySmartRepublicansHadItchySlappingHandsLastNight http://t.co/JziZ1zvXDj"
eng	positive	"Loved @BillHemmer and @marthamaccallum Ditch Kelly &amp; Wallace sideshow railroad. #GOPdebates https://t.co/qXim3nKiYF"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"Bernie Sanders gained over 10K new likes and growing from the #GOPDebates #DebatewithBernie #feelthebern"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebate #GOPDebates Carly Fiorina won 1st round Marco Rubio led 2nd round"
eng	positive	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	".@loudobbsnews thank you for having me on during the #GOPDebates. I Look forward to the next time! http://t.co/hdoTYsZDrF #tcot"
eng	positive	"RT @keriRN: http://t.co/VAGYIuZ5J8 #dumbassSexist Donald Trump made case for campaign finance reform....#GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"http://t.co/VAGYIuZ5J8 #dumbassSexist Donald Trump made case for campaign finance reform....#GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DylanTheThomas: never thought I'd say this but goddamnit I am. Yo, @MegynKelly, Chris Wallace, @BretBaier... Great job hosting the #GOP…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@slone @realDonaldTrump We're watching their plans unfold- psych. warfare - pure &amp; simple. Games. #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @MichiganForBen: @FoxNews says @RealBenCarson topped candidates in new Twitter followers after #GOPDebates. 24000 vs. 2nd place, 11000 @…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Opening, closing, &amp; occasionally canned statements aside, the #GOPDebates were legitimately entertaining and exciting. @LOLGOP @misl4fun 4/4"
eng	positive	"never thought I'd say this but goddamnit I am. Yo, @MegynKelly, Chris Wallace, @BretBaier... Great job hosting the #GOPDebates last night."
eng	positive	"Good debates, including the #GOPDebates challenge candidates to say what they mean, both on purpose or on accident and last night did that."
eng	positive	"@kimguilfoyle Though Cruz was articulate, intelligent. Felt Trump held his own. Rubio solid. We have a lot of great candidates #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I had high expectations for last night's #GOPDebates and boy @misl4fun were they met. They were combative, spontaneous (mostly),"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @NYCdeb8tr: @redsteeze @dalestokely Megyn Kelly was so over the top, I thought she would announce her candidacy last night. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	positive	"@pondering_this @CarlyFiorina I had &amp; was very impressed w/her last pm. She took the entire night! Both #GOPDebates!"
eng	positive	"#BestDebateQuotes "First thing I will do as president is rescind all of Obama's executive orders." #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Biggest #PowerMove I made last night was staying off social media. I feel much smarter and happier this morning #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @louvice: Donald Will Go Independent! RubioNever Shows up 4 Work! #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@kimguilfoyle I'm getting Fiorina yard signs! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@kimguilfoyle #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016 Kasich showed well .. But frankly too many folks up there to truly 'learn' who&amp;what they were about"
eng	positive	"@kimguilfoyle #GOPDebates  Walker. Christie and Trump"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"#RNC needs those #Trump2016 voters to win gen elect- without them hiliary is next pres. #GOPDebates #FoxNews. Be Fair-bench MW &amp; @megynkelly"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for your win in #GOPDebates polling last night. @Time @DRUDGE_REPORT Well done Sir! http://t.co/n…"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	""@kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"TRUMP baby!"
eng	positive	"Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for your win in #GOPDebates polling last night. @Time @DRUDGE_REPORT Well done Sir! http://t.co/nDu4EO1VRX"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"Ted Cruz and Carly RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @kimguilfoyle: Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Two great debates! Who were your favorites? Let me know your thoughts #GOPDebates #RoadTo2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@IngrahamAngle @niceninja @RealBenCarson Iol noticed in neither #GOPDebates~ not one person jumped up &amp; yelled #YOULIE Juxtapose DemocRats"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"1 bright light in last evening #GOPDebates. Hope @CarlyFiorina will soften position on #IranDeal. Optimism instead. https://t.co/3Wz2hAAgk8"
eng	positive	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"#TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Carson, Rubio, Fiorina, &amp; Cruz won the night. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"My order: Cruz, Rubio, Carson, Walker, and I think Rand did okay. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates Trump hurt himself. Jeb didn't do much."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"not a republican ( #ClownCarCrew ) but #JohnKasich held his own last night probably the best candidate on stage for the #GOPDebates @AP @CNN"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"What ever you think of @realDonaldTrump, He’s resilient as hell and a straight shooter   http://t.co/eiWb8vWmel  #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	positive	"Retweeted Donnie Wahlberg (@DonnieWahlberg):  Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Yeah all the candidates are going to repel Obamacare and replace it with something! Go GOP! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Miss one or both of the #GOPDebates? Want to see a segment again? Re-watch every minute with our playlist http://t.co/7Bd5kBK5Za"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"Donald Trump's  best lines from the first GOP debate   #Debates #GOPDebates #DonaldTrump http://t.co/1cSlxvIcwp"
eng	positive	"Missing the #GOPDebates makes me glad I don't have cable. Missing #JonStewart last show makes me sad I don't have cable. #JonVoyage"
eng	positive	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	positive	"RT @MarthaMartinMe: #Trump collapses; #Hillary non issue #MarcoRubio shined #Jeb2016 strong #Carson2016 articulate #Fiorina should join #GO…"
eng	positive	"Watched #GOPDebates; loved #BenCarson closing statement. "#Trump is affectionate mad man while Carson is affectionate person who cares."🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @jeaniebgd: Donald Trumps loyalty is to America and the American people. Not to a political party. @GOP #GOPDebates #tcot #pjnet #MakeAm…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump is the honey badger of candidates this round. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates great #FoxDebate tonight!"
eng	positive	"To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @DRUDGE_REPORT"
eng	positive	"RT @jeaniebgd: Donald Trumps loyalty is to America and the American people. Not to a political party. @GOP #GOPDebates #tcot #pjnet #MakeAm…"
eng	positive	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	positive	"Donald Trumps loyalty is to America and the American people. Not to a political party. @GOP #GOPDebates #tcot #pjnet #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"…#Trump wasn't going to play their PC game #GOPDebate #GOPDebates  @IngrahamAngle"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Winners IMO: Marco Rubio, Rand Paul, John Kasich and Carly Fiorina"
eng	positive	"@DonnieWahlberg I am looking more forward to the SNL spoof of the #GOPDebates AND #DemocraticDebates. When does THAT air again?"
eng	positive	"RT @b140tweet: Rip  #AnnRichards... She has it right.. We needed her for President #GOPDEBATES #STOPRUSH http://t.co/uw5AXjzMXC"
eng	positive	"RT @joeykramer: @Aerosmith Headed out to the #GOPDebates in Cleveland should be interesting #MotleyCrue"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @joeykramer: @Aerosmith Headed out to the #GOPDebates in Cleveland should be interesting #MotleyCrue"
eng	positive	"loved watching the #GOPdebates tonight. Lot of good stuff &amp; some not so good stuff. Really enjoyed watching it with my daughter &amp; discussing"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Reagan was a democrat.  So if Trump changed from a democrat to a republican then I'm okay with that. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	positive	"Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next. http://t.co/PpxQQZFl1t j8p"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"Rubio is by far the best speaker.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Many great businesses use the bankruptcy laws. Trump did what a lot of businesses have done. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @scottaxe: #GOPdebates @JohnKasich if you look at substance he needs to be in the discussion. He has been successful at every turn."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates winners?  Candidates Paul, Kasich &amp; Carson.  #politics  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates @JohnKasich if you look at substance he needs to be in the discussion. He has been successful at every turn."
eng	positive	"@wkdental Only Kasich came across as a sensible, decent and rational human being. Out of all of them! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @ProfessorRobo: To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDeba…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"I have no intention of voting for Trump, but love this guy brand and i wil give him credit for stirring things up #SummerofTrump #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"IMHO two DC-outsiders/non-#politicians "trumped" the #GOPdebates tonight: @RealBenCarson &amp; @CarlyFiorina. #tcot #Election2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @Will_Bunch: So smart of Kasich to say, essentially, "I hear the concerns of Trump voters except that I'm sane" #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"In all seriousness #JohnKasich was the best in the debate tonight. #DonaldTrump is just a joke. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @GallagherPreach: It is just me or can anyone else not wait for SNL this weekend for the debate coverage? #GOPdebates #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @UnseeingEyes: In the #GOPDebates ...@CarlyFiorina &amp; @RealBenCarson are the only two candidates I'd invite to my home for a great meal."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MelissaFwu: Kicking off our #GOPDebates Watch Party with @scarlett_0hara #LeadRight2016 http://t.co/FCmSZqX77R"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"@nytopinion @FrankBruni the fact that MODERATORS are attacking Candidates shows it is not a debate but a large group interview.#GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I didn't see a clear winner in the 9:00 #GOPDebates but several had some good moments; Ben Carson, Ted Cruz.  Didn't think Trump did well."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @mcgrudder: #GOP2016debate #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #Trump2016 #Trump2016 Trump has the GOP scared.  They don't control him.  He talks abo…"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"#GOP2016debate #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #Trump2016 #Trump2016 Trump has the GOP scared.  They don't control him.  He talks about needed issues"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @devindwyer: "Anyone have any more questions?" #TrumpCrush #GOPdebates http://t.co/bDUX3nKyTe"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"Cruz said it right.  Our leaders aren't stupid they just don't want to fo what is right.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	""Anyone have any more questions?" #TrumpCrush #GOPdebates http://t.co/bDUX3nKyTe"
eng	positive	"@BruceBartlett @JesseLaGreca  #GOPDebates were definitely biased. Too civilized...except for #Trump2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I need to do some research but @JohnKasich is the only in the #GOPDebates that stands a chance to get my vote as far as me maybe voting #GOP"
eng	positive	"I love the Great One!!!!! #GOPDebates http://t.co/VeGgW14ipB"
eng	positive	"RT @tmservo433: Prediction: Donald Trump goes up in post debate polls. Because he looks no crazier than anyone else and more entertaining #…"
eng	positive	"Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next. http://t.co/WB0zTeOrZm j8p"
eng	positive	"Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next. http://t.co/PpxQQZFl1t j8p"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"No doubt! Huge bump! #Kasich #GopDebates  https://t.co/VAnC0qxY4C"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates re:SS I agree if someone has income greater then $x then they shouldn't draw SS because it is to keep seniors out of poverty."
eng	positive	"Loved Trump calling our leaders stupid. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Jeb Bush and Rand Paul were the only ones to see their odds rise during the #GOPDebates though Bush's price was trimmed by the end."
eng	positive	"Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio.""
eng	positive	"@DrBradHolland #GOPDebates spot on!"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"@voialex he'd beat all at the #GOPdebates today 100%! our Sergey 😊"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @mercedesschlapp: In terms of substance, @JebBush dominates #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"The best part of the two #GOPDebates? They showed themselves as men and women, not gods. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Good point. @FoxNews #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #fail https://t.co/EuKmS5k9SB"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates  #DrBenCarson The man uses his brain to think,not to politically manipulate,I hope he goes far,Id like 2 see/hear more frm him."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"#MarcoRubio speaks from a true American position. He's not perfect, but trying hard, giving it his very best  #FOXNEWSDEBATE #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates #RandPaul2016 telling #ChrisChristie to get a warrant per 4th amendment. Golden."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"@Slate #GOPDebates Our president should be less like #TedCruz"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates #scottwalker talked about path to citizenship. The only one to address illegals immigrants with a reasonable humane plan."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"LMFAO!! I'm drunk but I enjoyed that! #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/2thNmyuENP"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson  very impressive  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Enjoyed the #GOPDebates and am looking forward to the #DemocraticDebates next."
eng	positive	"Trump doesn't care about political correctness, but he does care about America's future.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Rubio had the Best Attack of the night was from Marco Rubio on Hillary Clinton ... #TCOT #ccot #PJNET #gop #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Jeb is a swell guy, and Donald is gruff. I'm a Marco Rubio fan #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Great jobs from Mike Huckabee and Donald Trump competing to see who can be the president from Escape From New York tonight. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Love how Rubio said the election is not about resumes, but ideas for the future and a high tech future. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Kasich, it may be the booze talking....but I think I like you man. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson and @SenTedCruz 2016 #C2 #Csquared America can be great again! @gop #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"Wow, I think John Kasich is an actual real candidate. If he keeps talking sense, he will NEVER win the primary. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Vote for me: Its the greatest time to be alive and I dont know when the primary is - Jeb Bush #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Yassssss #DonaldTrump is doing it up... He answers the questions the way he wants to. #FOXNEWSDEBATE #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"It has been so amazing tweeting w/all of you tonight for both #GOPDebates!! Grateful for you all &amp; look forward to all the fun ahead!"
eng	positive	"RT @fergie_spuds: Trump and Ben Carson stood out #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"Well that was a blast. A strong field in both #GOPDebates. Going to be a fun campaign season!"
eng	positive	"If I had to vote Republican (God forbid) #JohnKasich would have my vote. #RepublicanDebate #FoxNews #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @T0H0DAD: By far the most professional candidate is #TedCruz! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Kasich knew the buzz words. Economic growth, unite our country, respect other voices. Carson was surprisingly eloquent."
eng	positive	"RT @tammy_pence: I became a #BenCarson fan tonight!!!  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @T0H0DAD: By far the most professional candidate is #TedCruz! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"So true. And a lot of people agree. Should have used @FoxNews #GOPDebates @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/QLzSVI4Otm"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"RT @lynn_mistie: Lol, fun! Aghhh I'm pumped! This is a nerds favorite sport!! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"I'm happy Carson was fast &amp; sure. He is relaxed sometimes.   #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MeanProgress: .@tedcruz America won't move forward til we admit a problem with #RadicalChristianTerrorism  http://t.co/onOzzeWI2s  #Uni…"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates #TedCruz "We need a fiscal, national, and social conservative.""
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"It's a beautiful night in #Hollywood! If you've been watching the #GOPdebates and playing… https://t.co/HMPJwnCESe"
eng	positive	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates part 2. Surprisingly good. #Trump2016 belligerent, some good points made by others. All came across as human, except Cuz."
eng	positive	"RT @Disruptepreneur: Wow. My primary source of entertainment for the next six months has been cemented. #GOPDebates #SoExciting"
eng	positive	"RT @Disruptepreneur: Wow. My primary source of entertainment for the next six months has been cemented. #GOPDebates #SoExciting"
eng	positive	"Trump and Ben Carson stood out #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"Big night between #GOPDebates &amp; #JonVoyage. I'm heading to 30 Rock to get you the highlights, plus anything you missed on @FirstLookMSNBC!"
eng	positive	"My favs from #GOPDebates tonight: @CarlyFiorina @RealBenCarson"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	".@JohnKasich won this debate with a little home field advantage. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"A pollster just called and I told them @realDonaldTrump won! Go Trump Go! #Trump #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Would love to see a matchup between Carly and Hillary #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson killed it in the #GOPDebates tonight. And I get to see him at Liberty this semester #coolestschool"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Malbec won tonight #GOPDebateDrinkingGame #GOPDebates #GOPDebacle"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Ben Carson stepped up too!"
eng	positive	"Caron's half a brain line was killer. There was some good zingers tonight, and overall, fairly civil. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I became a #BenCarson fan tonight!!!  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#LOL! Right on! #GOPDebates #GOPDebate  https://t.co/CCyfY3GwMi"
eng	positive	"Top 5 (in order): Carson, Cruz, Huckabee, Rubio, Paul 🐘🇺🇸 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	""[Obama's] Leading from behind has been a disaster." -@SenTedCruz #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"For me #Rubio #Carson #Trump #Christi were the only ones who made any sort of mark in this debate. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Yes &amp; add I've got the best hair! RT @SalMasekela Rand Paul should have gone with, 'I've got curly hair!' and dropped the mic. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SupermanHotMale: And the winner is... The Koch Brothers #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"I like him for that slam #Trump #GOPDebates https://t.co/Df1aEfuVGj"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @KentPavelka: Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"Still deciding...Carson, Huckabee and Cruz did well in round 2. So who do you think won? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @BigBoyBaker: Carly Fiorina made the point that she will be able to attack Hillary Clinton.  Love it.  She is unafraid.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I would have to give the first debate to 1. Gov. Huckabee, 2. Marco Rubio. 3.Rand Paul.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @jamiaw: Carson getting in some zingers at the end. Not riding for him at ALL, but I'll give him credit for being a medical trailblazer.…"
eng	positive	"After the undercard debates I'd say only two should stay in the race are:  Carly Fiorina and Bobby Jindal.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Who won the #GOPDebates ? I'd say it's between Carson, Cruz, and Trump."
eng	positive	"Lol, fun! Aghhh I'm pumped! This is a nerds favorite sport!! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"Three best performance in the #GOPDebates (in no order), IMHO:  Carly Fiorina &amp; Ben Carson &amp; Marco Rubio."
eng	positive	"In the #GOPDebates ...@CarlyFiorina &amp; @RealBenCarson are the only two candidates I'd invite to my home for a great meal."
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @SupermanHotMale: And the winner is... The Koch Brothers #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"My 5 Faves from #GOPDebates In no particular order: #Cruz #Carson #Rubio #Huckabee #Fiorina"
eng	positive	"Great app for watching the debates, thanks Fox News. Please add an option to rate the moderators! #GOPdebates  @Foxnews"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Even after biased attacks by @FoxNews, @realDonaldTrump wins #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates I'll be surprised if @JohnKasich doesn't jump into the top 5 after tonight"
eng	positive	"I'm interested to see if Carly Fiorina, Ben Carson and Mike Huckabee pick up steam.  Everyone came out unscathed in these #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Hahahahah this commentary is the best. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Even after biased attacks by @FoxNews, @realDonaldTrump wins #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"That was a wildly entertaining Television spectacle. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Carly Fiorina made the point that she will be able to attack Hillary Clinton.  Love it.  She is unafraid.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ohio Governor John Kasich you are currently the man. #GOPDebates #Kasich #O-H"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Rand Paul and Marco Rubio seem like viable options. #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"I LOVE ice cream! #christie gets my vote! #GOPDebates #icecream #election2016 #pinocchio"
eng	positive	"Total #SmackDown DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates. #WORD to your Muther @OneToughMutherK"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"Cruz:  New Sheriff in town.  Nice summary.  He cherishes freedom - your freedom.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I'm loving @tedcruz and @RealBenCarson 's closing statements. I hate they didn't get a lot of questions, tho.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"'It wasn't too late for Wisconsin, it's not too late for America. Oh, and pass the cheese'. Scott Walker. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"Dr. Carson remark on DC having half a brain, best line #GOPDebates."
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	""I'll be my best to do that" #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Why watch 10 contenders debate when you can just watch Megyn Kelly? #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"Carson getting in some zingers at the end. Not riding for him at ALL, but I'll give him credit for being a medical trailblazer. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lisa_Luerssen: The worst debate in the history of Republican debates!! Thank You Senator Ted Cruz for what time you had to debate! #GOP…"
eng	positive	"#bencarson went hard at the end and busted in the #gopdebates face"
eng	positive	"That neuroscience shaaaade tho. Omg i wanna throw shade like that please @RealBenCarson #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@tedcruz gets my vote after tonight, but Dr. Carson is a very close second. #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Dr Ben is damn funny!"
eng	positive	"RT @damongiles1973: Thank you Cruz!  Finally someone who pledges to reverse every Obama executive order day 1. Why is this so hard? #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson rocks out the final thoughts!!!!! #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Thank you Cruz!  Finally someone who pledges to reverse every Obama executive order day 1. Why is this so hard? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @steven_br: God blessed our country, the Republican candidates....but NOT them democrats. -Rubio #Paraphrase #GOPDebates you... http://t…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Cruz, go and take down other EOs in previous administrations that were illegal! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates Kasich deserves more airtime!"
eng	positive	"RT @goldietaylor: Commercial break! #GOPDebates http://t.co/NdE2oeJLmH"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates #ChrisChristie is no more conservative than Obama (whose hand he held while blaming GOP 4 Sandy!  http://t.co/gLubXG8WLV #pjnet"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"Rubio is American Dream story. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Ben Carson, solidifying the black vote. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson @jamiaw Best Statement of the night Dr Carson! Thank you 4 putting it n2 perspective 4 the ignorant n the world #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"How sweet. @ChrisChristie has family who served. What does anything he is saying have to do with veterans? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ben Carlson nailed it on his comments about race and our own country trying to divide us!!! @FoxNews #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Ben Carson, solidifying the black vote. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Fun watching @realDonaldTrump sock it to @FoxNews &amp; so many other "reporters" who have lost their true north. Go Don! #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"Dr Ben Carson: United (not divided) States of America #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"#Kasich is moving up! #GOPDebates #HOmeRun"
eng	positive	"“@msgoddessrises: There's some Cakebread in the fridge. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/zbMtZSX9vX” Break it open! Red or White? Love their chard!"
eng	positive	"RT @PBoylen: @ScottWalker Russia &amp; China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than our own Congress! Boom! #RedNationRaising #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates #Trump @megynkelly still supporting trump no matter how hard you tried to tear him down."
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Ben Carson, solidifying the black vote. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"All this science talk is hot!!!! @BenCarson2016 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Kasich has the least-dead eyes of the bunch. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"I like Ben! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Scott Walker is like, Carson, I elect YOU as my first black friend. #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"To his credit,  carson is the only one, the only one to mention anything about race relations #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"#Carson slamming #Radicals #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates ben Carson loves to use his gifted hands to speak"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson, solidifying the black vote. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Aaand the question about the racial divide goes to ... *drum roll* ... the only black man on stage. #GOPdebates #overit"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Oh race issues, this should be good. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Straight Outta Compton commercial on Fox News. Well played. 🙌🏿 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#DebateQuestionsWeWantToHear #debate #GOPDebates #veterans but we want the government to bless our veterans!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Many good men in 2nd GOP debates #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Finally someone defines conservatives and progressives.  Thank you Carly Fiorina.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"You hear that, GOP candidates? Kasich said God wants America to succeed.  Too bad some of you, at least, wanted America to fail! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Kasich, it may be the booze talking....but I think I like you man. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson stood out @jamiaw #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @NickSylian: From today to the time the next president has one year in office #22aDay will empty that arena. #GOPDebates #IAVA"
eng	positive	"I believe this is the first mention of human rights all night. Thx Kasich. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Kasich, it may be the booze talking....but I think I like you man. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#Kasich "I do believe in miracles" "restore common sense" bam for the win!!! #GOPDebates that's a CHRISTIAN!"
eng	positive	"I know God. He's a friend of mine. Im glad to count him as a backer #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @USVeteran2: @FoxNews shutting @SenTedCruz out of debate. Has not spoken In 30 minutes. Has to beg them for a chance to say anything !  …"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	""The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things" @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebates  might be the quote of the night"
eng	positive	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Sweetpea593: #GOPDebates they won't let #TedCruz speak!"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates - i'm still staring at @megynkelly #bae"
eng	positive	"Here comes Chase from Facebook, asking the important questions *hurts forearm making jerk off gesture* #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"Would love to have seen it!   Seemed better than all these guys! #GOPdebates https://t.co/aawvUQqQRB"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @GallagherPreach: It is just me or can anyone else not wait for SNL this weekend for the debate coverage? #GOPdebates #GOPdebate"
eng	positive	"RT @steakNstiffarms: I'm imagining Trump giving a State of the Union, and yeah ok maybe I'd vote for him #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	positive	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"@ChrisChristie You are making me even more proud of New Jersey!#GOPDEBATES"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Huckabee plays bass right? He must play a Steinberger. I just know it. #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"That makes sense Ron Paul. #GOPDebates #GOPDebate stop giving money to enemies."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I want what Rand Paul is having #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: #FOXNEWS  #GOPDebates  @BenCarson OWNS this Debate when it comes to SMART"
eng	positive	"Perfect,sweet to the point no time hogging. Go Rand! #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson's got the best hair on that whole stage #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"RT @msgoddessrises: 😂😂😂😂 Drink!!! #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/Az9GUGMCGU"
eng	positive	"Oh @RealBenCarson you are brilliant &amp; I love you but please drink a few Red Bulls before the next debate. #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @fan48: @YoungPros4Rubio @RickCanton  RUBIO awesome response on pro life #GOPDebates #Rubio2016"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"@loudobbsnews #dobbs #GOPdebates I LIKE @GovMikeHuckabee"
eng	positive	"RT @BrentsChirps: Ben Carson doesn't talk trash. Mature speaker of truth. Maturity and strength on display at #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE #W…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Whoah! @MikeHuckabeeGOP is a B-52s fan??? Dammit I might like him now #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Mike Huckabee quoting Limp Bizkit lyrics for his military talking points #BreakStuff #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I do have to admit that I am pleasantly surprised at the questions from the moderators. Transgender issues? Unexpected. #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @jennrios1191: @BretBaier is by far the best moderator tonight. Hands down. #GOPDebate @FoxNews #GOPDebates Nice job Bret!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"Gov @ScottWalker gave a succinct and excellent answer to respond to putin. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates interesting"
eng	positive	"China &amp; Russia's servers know more about Hilary Clinton's emails than we do.  👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 @ScottWalker #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I don't care about the Clinton email issue, but Walker's zinger was pretty good. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@BretBaier is by far the best moderator tonight. Hands down. #GOPDebate @FoxNews #GOPDebates Nice job Bret!"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	""The Progressive movement is causing our problems and @HillaryClinton is the epitome of that." - @RealBenCarson #GOPdebates 🇺🇸 &lt; agree"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson doesn't talk trash. Mature speaker of truth. Maturity and strength on display at #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE #WinBenWin"
eng	positive	"I love to hear #BenCarson #GOPDebates #DebateQuestionsWeWantToHear he makes perfect sense #Israel awesome"
eng	positive	"RT @Lukewearechange: where is this evidence that these hacks talk about when it comes to Syria #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Carly knows the leaders and issues in the middle east.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Nice to see these candidates oppose Russia's aggressive actions in Europe. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson is caked up with the finest Black Radiance setting powder. #GOPDebate #GopDebates #BNRDebate #debate"
eng	positive	"#FOXNEWS  #GOPDebates  @BenCarson OWNS this Debate when it comes to SMART"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I like Ted Cruz because he looks like Bill Murray. #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Trump is doing a good job. It's amazing. We may not want to hear it. He has said it. #Trump #Trump2016 #GOPDebate #politics #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Straight Outta Compton commercial on Fox News. Well played. 🙌🏿 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Loved that Carly Fiorina said one of her first two phones would be to Bibi in Israel.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"It's way more fun being in America watching the #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"On a serious note, if only we had T. Cruz &amp; D. Trump during the Cold War. Would have kicked those commie asses !! #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; @JerryJrFalwell!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I am filled with so much joy right now. #gopdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Watching the #GOPdebates Interesting so far! Must say though I disagree with Trump on many issues, he is the most entertaining of the bunch."
eng	positive	"Trump can't say when he became Conservative because HES NOT #tcot #ccot #GOPDebate #TrojanHorseTrump #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Straight Outta Compton commercial on Fox News. Well played. 🙌🏿 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Never thought Kasich would be the sanest guy in the room.  #ClownCarClusterFuck #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Loved that Bobby Jindal said that we have to end government dependence and expanding Medicaid doesn't help people.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Trump was the only one saying things we thought. Being NOT politically correct makes you a target. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/NQWL659HZE"
eng	positive	"RT @tonibirdsong: I like @RealBenCarson a lot too but wish he had more air time to express his views. #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I like @RealBenCarson a lot too but wish he had more air time to express his views. #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"I appreciate the promo for Straight Outta Compton following the commercial break in the #GOPDebates following the first race question"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Walker walks that #BlackLivesMatter  question pretty  decently #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@YoungPros4Rubio @RickCanton  RUBIO awesome response on pro life #GOPDebates #Rubio2016"
eng	positive	"Straight Outta Compton commercial on Fox News. Well played. 🙌🏿 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear John Kasich, Beat your Republican friends with a gay tree branch : )  #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	positive	"I'm getting the best presidential vibe from @GovMikeHuckabee @ChrisChristie &amp; @JebBush #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"It's enough to win center!:) he's fantastic! #Kasich4Us #GOPDebates  https://t.co/tnTRjwjkbx"
eng	positive	"I also think Kasich is doing fine. I'm a RINO prolly #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@RealBenCarson and a few others aren't getting any time to debate. In a real debate everybody gets involved. #GOP2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	""I'm surprised this is being advertised right now." - My gf on #StraightOuttaCompton ads during #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Rand Paul has my vote #GopDebates #RandPaul"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"He accepts my daughter. I'm so happy. A republican ACCEPTING MY CHILD! RT #GOPDebates #Kasich #Gaymarriage  https://t.co/po2AWD9qsd"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @msgoddessrises: #Kasich I LOVE YOU!!!!!!! RT %#GOPDebates #Gaymarriage"
eng	positive	"Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I know I'm tweeting too much, but I'm just tryna to get a forced invite to Trump's next wedding. #GOPDebates #GOPteen"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Despite support for traditional marriage, @JohnKasich would accept daughter if she was gay. #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"A GOP candidate who respects all - Gov John Kaisch #SameSexMarriage #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"John Kasich is the most decent one out of everyone. Good speech just now. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Seems like supporting same sex marriage is actually popular with Republicans #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Good for you John Kasich! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@JohnKasich Good for you! #gopdebates #gaymarriage #equality"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"YEAH, @JohnKasich seems like the most level-headed person on that stage. In other words: he's the only sane one! #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Kasich's answer on gay marriage was reasonable for someone who dislikes it. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#Kasich I LOVE YOU!!!!!!! RT %#GOPDebates #Gaymarriage"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates Kasich will get the biggest bump in the polls of anyone tonight IMO"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Kasich comes across as the most humane rep. on the stage."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Jeb swinging hard...drawing it back to his accomplishments.....are Kasich and Walker still there?  #gopdebates #foxdebates"
eng	positive	"At last @JebBush trying to unite and pitch to by not attacking @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#Trump calls @JebBush a gentleman. #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@megynkelly your personal attacks on @realDonaldTrump makes me like him more #backfiring #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I don't dislike Jeb as much as most #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Hey! Trump has evolved! Just like Obama! #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"2 drinks -#Trump said "great, great." #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	""I defunded Planned Parenthood. I created a culture of life." PP = healthier people, parents &amp; babies &amp; LOWERS no. of abortions. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @steakNstiffarms: I'm imagining Trump giving a State of the Union, and yeah ok maybe I'd vote for him #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Rubio is on point. Life begins at conception. #GOPDebates #marcorubio"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Trump nails it every time. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOP #GOPDEBATES : This is what makes America &amp; Democracy the best place on earth. Wish the folks asking the questions were less bias"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @davideblackwell: @CarlyFiorina was so much better than these 10. She has gotten my attention! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"On abortion, @JebBush says he is completely pro-life. "It's informed by my faith, from beginning to end." --  #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"Unborn lives are more important. That's what these men are saying #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"@CopDwg wow! I thought it was #msnbc   Fox has changed. #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"#Bush is a good Catholic. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @steakNstiffarms: I'm imagining Trump giving a State of the Union, and yeah ok maybe I'd vote for him #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"Best TV of the year #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"RT @Zone6Combat: Hey #FoxNews, planning on giving #TedCruz chance to speak? You're trying to marginalize him as you do on your daily news c…"
eng	positive	"The FoxNews moderators have actually come with some halfway decent questions at times. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @OnceUponALiz: I'm about as Bernie Sanders as they come, but my god, HOW is Marco Rubio not ahead of his race by 40+ points? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates Huckabee, Rubio, Paul, and Walker get a well done, but Trump battled the #FoxFire and won."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	positive	"Huckster is on fire! I'm starting to think he's really interested in running for president...for the first time. #GOPDebates #tcot #TLOT"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ted Cruz appears to be the oddan put so far. More Ted please #FoxNews #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Social issues. Well, this is just gonna be too much fun. #GOPDebates http://t.co/S9ODN2Zr5g"
eng	positive	"#Trump is killing me in the #GOPDebates. Loved his #AtlanticCity zinger to #ChrisChristie. And how condescending he was to the moderator."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@kvlxi19xx Yes he does and never claimed that he would do that. #DUH #DonaldTrump  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Social issues next. Dis will be goooood #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Great answer @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@MikeHuckabeeGOP is great at this stuff. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@GovMikeHuckabee yes I agree #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @b140_tweet: Does this remind  you of #Trump's lips #GOPDebates http://t.co/Ph9L6DrInF"
eng	positive	"CDM @RWSurferGirl  3m3 minutes ago Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 󾓬󾓦 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Good show. Bring on #JonVoyage. Prediction: Trump goes independent.  #GOPDebate #GopDebates @FoxNews see ya once y'all narrow it to 1. Gah!"
eng	positive	"Trump: This country owns $19 Trillion Dollars and they need someone like me to fix it #QUDebates #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @OnceUponALiz: I'm about as Bernie Sanders as they come, but my god, HOW is Marco Rubio not ahead of his race by 40+ points? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"BWAHAHA!! Love this #tweet! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates  https://t.co/NZiNvXFDCD"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I'm about as Bernie Sanders as they come, but my god, HOW is Marco Rubio not ahead of his race by 40+ points? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio seems to hav his stuff together. Wish he was getting more time. #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Chris wallace looking at the camera after Trumps turn lol #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews His new name is the #TeflonDon.  Nothing Fox throws at him will stick! #GOPDebates @megynkelly @BretBaier"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Rubio is killing it tonight. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"THAT was the Trump I was expecting.  #Delivered    #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I gotta hand it to him, @marcorubio looks very well hydrated tonight. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Marco Rubio is the only one on stage who sounds like he knows what he's talking about. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I love that even the Fox News hosts can't believe the applause Trump gets with each answer #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Wow #Trump you've taking advantage of the laws in the country you want to run? So you're an honest man? #GOPDebates #Republicandebate"
eng	positive	"“This country owes 19 trillion dollars and we need someone like me to fix this mess” – Donald Trump #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @steakNstiffarms: I'm imagining Trump giving a State of the Union, and yeah ok maybe I'd vote for him #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates GO TRUMP!!! Love his honestly!!!!"
eng	positive	"Tell 'em Trump #GOPDebates @cspanwj"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	""What am I sayiiiiing??" -Trump  ...when he's got a point, he's got a point. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"YOU GO HUCK. #GOPDebates #tcot"
eng	positive	"Glad social security is debated at #gopdebates. Future is now. #gapol"
eng	positive	"Not Usually In To Politics...But This Is Good Entertainment #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"It's @ChrisChristie vs. @MikeHuckabeeGOP on Social Security. Nice exchange on both sides. #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @mercedesschlapp: In terms of substance, @JebBush dominates #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	"Washington by [at]jonford80 #gopdebates #demselfie. I saw all I needed to see, #randpaul was right about Isis &amp; for… http://t.co/Tkwyr327oY"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @mercedesschlapp: In terms of substance, @JebBush dominates #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"Mike Huckabee. You've not received the nomination too many times. @GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 #GOPDebates #PresidentialDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @mercedesschlapp: In terms of substance, @JebBush dominates #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"There should be more #GOPDebates ! This is so entertaining!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates I'm going to say it. Thank god Chrîs Walłace is there"
eng	positive	"RT @loribuckmajor: It's cute how Chris Christie has the Bob's Big Boy haircut #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"In terms of substance, @JebBush dominates #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	""I'm the only guy on this stage who..." Is Christie's theme and it's not a bad theme. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Thank you O B wan.:)😎👍🏻 #Kasich #GOPDebates  https://t.co/xCpcPx2n8u"
eng	positive	"Christie practiced.  Lots of numbers.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"High lofty expectations! #Jeb Jeb Jeb! Where's #Trump? #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Dear Donald Trump... Thank you! #GOPDebates 😜"
eng	positive	"It's cute how Chris Christie has the Bob's Big Boy haircut #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: #DrBenCarson just said he doubts #HillaryClinton will be nominee. Hope he's right. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"When Donald Trump calls out Rosie ODonald 👌🏼😂 #GOPdebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Bring back #DonaldTrump ! I'm bored now! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"These #GOPDebates questions are really good"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	""It's time we recognize that The Supreme Court is not the Supreme Being." - @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebates / 🇺🇸"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: #DrBenCarson just said he doubts #HillaryClinton will be nominee. Hope he's right. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"It's no coincidence he is a neurosurgeon! This guy sure has a brain on him! #BenCarson #GOPDdebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPDebates Smartest answers in the room tonight are coming from Dr. Carson"
eng	positive	"Fairly confident after #bencarson's last answer, he's playing the #gopdebates drinking game along with the rest of us."
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Trump wants to form The Night's Watch! A big wall with a fancy door! Yassssss! #GOPDebates #Trump #Republicandebate #JonSnow #GOT7"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"You tell em @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Carson is very witty, articulate and not too unlikable. Deserves much better poll ratings, but won't make it past New Hampshire #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @bphill77: Do you believe in miracles?? I do! Kasich came to win. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Lets face it - this debate is really about #HillaryClinton. #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"RT @tammy_pence: I'm ONLY watching the #GOPDebates because of #DonaldTrump. He says what we have all been thinking for years. It's time for…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @msgoddessrises: #Kasich is killing it! Easily crossover candidate grabbing the center. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	positive	"Dayum! Carson just kicked that question in its throat. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I really like Ben Carson so far. He's been classy &amp; I like his answers. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"America is a miracle country. 🇺🇸. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @vanesa_44: Carson is boss right now. BYE HILLARY.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#GOPdebates Carson just nailed it!"
eng	positive	"#Carson is another who looks presidential. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"These dudes don't believe in the American Dream, but if I'm elected, I'll be living the American Dream and I'll share it w/ you! #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#DrBenCarson just said he doubts #HillaryClinton will be nominee. Hope he's right. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @johnschambers: #TRUMP2016 #GOPDEBATES  Finally, someone saying...SCREW POLITICAL CORRECTNESS.  Sick of it, and looking to NEW leadershi…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Do you believe in miracles?? I do! Kasich came to win. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Carson is boss right now. BYE HILLARY.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Ben Carson is too bright for this room. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"#Kasich is killing it! Easily crossover candidate grabbing the center. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	""Dr Carson...you're still here...neat..." #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Thanks @EAT24 and Donald Trump! Just got a Pepperoni Roll &amp; a root beer for $7.50 + tip. #yay #GOPDebates #Eat24"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @tmservo433: Prediction: Donald Trump goes up in post debate polls. Because he looks no crazier than anyone else and more entertaining #…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"#TRUMP2016 #GOPDEBATES  Finally, someone saying...SCREW POLITICAL CORRECTNESS.  Sick of it, and looking to NEW leadership, too!  #TRUMP2016"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"Democrats have to be LOVING the #GOPDebates right now!!!!!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"My high school crush just commented on my Facebook status about the #GOPDebates. I’m pretty sure I just won the night (says my 15yo self.)"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"He sounded passionate and believable. #Bush #GOPDebates  https://t.co/GDNn2Qs8j5"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump hits it out of park on @FoxNews gotcha question on campaign donations. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"FEEL THE BERN @SenSanders : ) #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @louvice: Donald Will Go Independent! RubioNever Shows up 4 Work! #GopDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"I'm going to bed...@JohnKasich gets my vote tonight #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"#TRUMP2016 #GOPDEBATES  Trump is stealing the show, despite even moderators showing they are bias. He speaks the truth. Finally.  GO DONALD!"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @msgoddessrises: #Common Core #Bush "I'm for higher standards ending social promotion-statewide voucher program challenging teachers uni…"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @tammy_pence: I'm ONLY watching the #GOPDebates because of #DonaldTrump. He says what we have all been thinking for years. It's time for…"
eng	positive	"RT @kerrydiaries: Honestly not sure if I'm watching Mean Girls or #GOPDebates ?? Do you even go here??"
eng	positive	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"I'm ONLY watching the #GOPDebates because of #DonaldTrump. He says what we have all been thinking for years. It's time for real change!"
eng	positive	"Okay, @JebBush gets a point for that! #commonCore #Republicandebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @b140_tweet: Rip  #AnnRichards... She has it right.. We needed her for President #GOPDEBATES #STOPRUSH http://t.co/uw5AXjzMXC"
eng	positive	"RT @kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump hits it out of park on @FoxNews gotcha question on campaign donations. #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"Yes, and Moe was the smartest Stooge #Democrats #GOPDebates @TheDemocrats https://t.co/Ucd675MRMY"
eng	positive	"RT @mjtbaum: GOD is making an appearance at the #GOPDebate? This should be good..."
eng	positive	"RT @kaylasmith4791: Really enjoyed everything @marcorubio had to say last night. #Rubio2016 #GOPDebate #AmericaOnPoint"
eng	positive	"@marcorubio came out of the gate like a true leader. I look forward to hearing more about his plans for a better America. #GOPDebate"
eng	positive	"Best line of #GOPDebate was "Immigration without assimilation is invasion." Was that Gov Jindal?"
eng	positive	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Trump has got it right, nobody would talk about immigration, not untill be brought it up. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @georgehenryw: Who thought Huckabee exceeded their expectations    #gopdebate #imwithhuck #gop #ccot #teaparty #tcot @laura4fairtax http…"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz As President, I will always tell the truth, and do what I said I would do.  #GOPDebates"
eng	positive	"RT @Lrihendry: #TedCruz headed into the Presidential Debates. GO TED!!   #GOPDebates http://t.co/8S67pz8a4A"
eng	positive	
eng	positive	"I'm happy for him...really, I am. She's an amazing girl, and they deserve each other. He's happy &amp; thats all that matters...right?..... "
eng	positive	"Feel so happy with no reason... Just happy... Hey my brain, am I missing something? :)) "
eng	positive	"We finished our first season of @TheBEATDance &amp; I am so happy &amp; proud &amp; thankful &amp; overwhelmed &amp; lots of other good stuff! So Amazing #2013 "
eng	positive	"am i allowed to be happy about something, or do yo wanna distroy the little i have left? "
eng	positive	"I am so happy right now I can't even focus on anything else "
eng	positive	"Why am I being sneaked around her fam when I'm open about us.... But we both happy shit don't add up. "
eng	positive	"Heavens suppose to be the happiest place in the world I am happy everyday with the people I love but I feel like I live in heaven everyday:) "
eng	positive	"I am  so happy since I have get an $100,00 STARBUCKS GIFT-CARD for Free. I grab it here http://t.co/cg8M1Ubq "
eng	positive	"I am one #happy girl :) "
eng	positive	"I Am So HAPPY  "
eng	positive	"I am LOVIN my Life right about now! I'm loving the people God is placing in my life. #Happy&amp;Focused! Striving to be the BEST WOMAN I can be! "
eng	positive	"Happy St.Patrick's Day! Wasn't always easy to celebrate it  "
eng	positive	"no one understands how happy i am right now. (': "
eng	positive	"AGH. DELETE DELETE DELETE. I JUST MEANT HAPPY. I AM NOT A STRIPPER. OH, GAWD. "
eng	positive	"she feels as happy as i am. and i am happy to say that we r both blessed. been the best spring break ever, "
eng	positive	"I am so happy, it's kind of unbelievable. "
eng	positive	"Ignorance is bliss and i need that shyt...I am happy. Thats just the saddest lie. #Cudi "
eng	positive	"WMYB on the radio and i am one happy person(: #thinkingpositive "
eng	positive	"realize you fucking twat. I'm not dragging in a sad way. I am actually quite happy! And I wouldn't say I don't care for you. "
eng	positive	"because of you  i am happy "
eng	positive	"i am very happy today ........yuhuuuuuuuiiiiiiii "
eng	positive	"I am soooo happy I got a chance to hang my boo @BlaqBetty2 last night!!! Its been way too long!!! Muah! "
eng	positive	"I am so happy for you and your drivers. That was an amazing finish for the MRW teams today "
eng	positive	"17 more days until Opening Day. To say that I am happy about this is an understatement. The #mlb2012 season will be the BEST one ever! @mlb "
eng	positive	"I am happy for the friendships I am developing with some people on twisters "
eng	positive	"" Convert Kudankulam plant into a gasoline-based one" says Wise-Admiral Ramdas. I am happy he is a 'former' Naval Chief now. "
eng	positive	"Today was a perfect  day with my raza I am happy "
eng	positive	"i'm assuming it's your bday where you're at even if it's not where i am lol . Well HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! "
eng	positive	"I don't specifically know why I like this picture, but I do. I am happy. :) "
eng	positive	"Ignorance is bliss and i need that shyt...I am happy. Thats just the saddest lie. #Cudi "
eng	positive	"Happy Sunday. I went with blue eyes today.  http://t.co/x4Tqbs0y "
eng	positive	"i am happy with jointwitte "
eng	positive	"I'm am so happy the PTSD,ADHD, psycho is now following me. Does he still have a HIGHER SECURITY CLEARENCE than POTUS OBAMA? "
eng	positive	"i'm assuming it's your bday where you're at even if it's not where i am lol . Well HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! "
eng	positive	"Dear #hiltongardeninn I am NOT happy with the fact that I got stuck with the room beside the ice machine. #goldmember "
eng	positive	"I am so happy with my life! "
eng	positive	"i'm pretty happy with where i am now. "
eng	positive	"Happy Birthday Ton! I am still working hard at what we both started, getting our music out there. RIP Family http://t.co/jURzc6WH "
eng	positive	"Jamie, your daughter is stunning. I am so happy for you girl. "
eng	positive	"As happy as I am to see my frends I wish it was summer(: "
eng	positive	"I am happy you're sober. :) "
eng	positive	"I am brewing w envy. Ok fine. Happy for you. :/ "
eng	positive	"I still check on you from time to time. i'm glad you're happy. i really am. "
eng	positive	"Jamie, your daughter is stunning. I am so happy for you girl. "
eng	positive	"I am so happy, it's kind of unbelievable. "
eng	positive	":'D YUUUUSSSS lmao yall don't know how happy i am #sj3 "
eng	positive	"I said I will close the distance up. I did it, so glad to have you around. Happy Birthday baby ? http://t.co/919VOI5v "
eng	positive	"Happy 16th baby girl ? I love you!!! @khamiltonnn  http://t.co/axejLg1X "
eng	positive	"I am so happy I am your friend right now. "
eng	positive	"*giggles and smiles brightly* I am glad we are both happy too. Life is good. "
eng	positive	"I'm happy for him...really, I am. She's an amazing girl, and they deserve each other. He's happy &amp; thats all that matters...right?..... "
eng	positive	"Dearest one can't be replace, even you're annoys me. But you're the one I love MOST! Happy B'day Brenda http://t.co/SXFW7EwM "
eng	positive	"This has been a good weekend! I am so happy that I am back with everyone... now for the busiest week of my life "
eng	positive	"If you don't tweet for a while you can do 3 in a row!  I am super duper happy to be home with my sweetie!  He is the best! I love him! "
eng	positive	"We finished our first season of @TheBEATDance &amp; I am so happy &amp; proud &amp; thankful &amp; overwhelmed &amp; lots of other good stuff! So Amazing #2013 "
eng	positive	"I am  so happy because I?ve keep a $100,00 Starbucks GIFT CARD 4 Free - I get it here: http://t.co/en6kV48W "
eng	positive	"Did I mention that I am sad I have to go back to work tomorrow....but happy I can just do my job for now on..... "
eng	positive	"I am happy, I am successful, bein in my own living space, bein in the masters prog I chose for myself, a life full of positivity...yay me! "
eng	positive	"I Am So HAPPY . "
eng	positive	"Looking through old pics and realizing everything happens for a reason. So happy with where I am right now "
eng	positive	"Disney doesn't have TLC l, therefore this can not be the happiest place on earth because I am not happy... "
eng	positive	"I wish for a stupid dream for the rest of the week. Maybe a dream where I am President, no skip that. *paging* Happy Monday Twitter.?? "
eng	positive	"I am sorry! Happy birthdax :) "
eng	positive	"had a taste for Jims...&amp; I just had the nastiest steak hoagy from @JimsSteakout...very disappointed, a waste of my $11..i am not happy! "
eng	positive	"im so happy we have school tmrw because that means one day closer to summer?!(: am i right "
eng	positive	"17 more days until Opening Day. To say that I am happy about this is an understatement. The #mlb2012 season will be the BEST one ever! @mlb "
eng	positive	"haha, i am def happy about tanning lol. it is such a stress reliever. "
eng	positive	"Oo I think no licking my lolly sounds good. I am happy to hear you are getting a little better!! "
eng	positive	"patamon : yayyy!! I am so happy, now I can play games with you!! pata~ "
eng	positive	"As long as she's happy then so am I.. My life &lt;3  http://t.co/ZqqqbEih "
eng	positive	"I'm always happy! Photo by @krisstephens  http://t.co/3T4VGuDb  you look really hot babe xxx &lt; Look At! "
eng	positive	"Nothing's wrong with thay @TheRealTank: I'm always happy! Photo by http://t.co/ywiJKEyD "
eng	positive	"Sorry I post so many screen shots, I just like showing how happy I am(: #sorrynotsorry #sorryboutit "
eng	positive	"Give it up give it up give it up for SHINee .. Thank you .. I am happy because of you, because of sherlock "
eng	positive	"When I am happy my heart starts to slow "
eng	positive	"My little brother is re evaluating my life I'm back to a B+ Haha... # @SavinTheWorldKP kirsti must be how happy I am from last night "
eng	positive	"My hair gone bye bye and I am so happy to say I am glad to have my hair back. (Even though this is a hard thing to see) "
eng	positive	"My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet Im happy. I cant figure it out. What am I doing right? "
eng	positive	"i am X-5s fan &amp; now ,i am NUEST fan too???i am from China!!!happy to follow!!!! "
eng	positive	"I'm always happy! Photo by @krisstephens  http://t.co/Yy5WTHGn  you look really hot babe xxx "
eng	positive	"I am happy, I am successful, bein in my own living space, bein in the masters prog I chose for myself, a life full of positivity...yay me! "
eng	positive	"Alli, thanks for favoriteing my tweet! I like literally screamed! I am so happy Please follow me!!!?:) "
eng	positive	"After several mini mental breakdowns 2day I am happy 2 say tht evrythng is starting 2 fall n2 place. Things happen 4 a reason. #justgowithit "
eng	positive	"Why am I so happy right now!? "
eng	positive	"Why the fuck am I so awake and so happy? "
eng	positive	"just few hours to have you in America again!!! #TWonUS cant describe how happy I am :D "
eng	positive	"Happy for Big 12 that KU won but I am a huge Robbie Hummel fan! Great player who really is what college hoops is suppose to be about! "
eng	positive	"I am happy for who I am because I went through so much shit to become the person who I am today. "
eng	positive	"No school in the am I'm soo happy ! "
eng	positive	"I am happy and all that I'm legal now but I would do anything to be like 5 again #foreveryoung "
eng	negative	" @iggigg too busy to see me in London this evening. What is a boy to do?"
eng	negative	" cavs lost, and I got this sinking feeling we are going to lose Lebron in 2010 also...why must my home city SUCK? Ah well, LETS GO BROWNS!"
eng	negative	" the closest BGT tour is Cardiff or London dam it why doesnt anybody other than the Chuckle Brothers tour the Westcountry?"
eng	negative	" Why do other pet care people try to run others out of business? Or send suspicious e-mails fishing for info?"
eng	negative	"-gasps- dananananaykroyd touring aussie ....  GRRR WHY ALWAYS SYDNEY AND MELBZ FFS"
eng	negative	"....If i am going warsal that means no church in the morning if i dont go church but i think it imporant to see my nan coz she go cancer "
eng	negative	"....wow the CAVS are sleeping ! I hate these blowout games "
eng	negative	"...no more Lebron "
eng	negative	"'adawiyah is having fever.  hope the other 2 are not."
eng	negative	"[-O] I wish the frogs weren't becoming extinct    http://tinyurl.com/cxe8w7"
eng	negative	"@ Starbucks Windward Mall lovin the AC. Home is too hot to work "
eng	negative	"@_despina my friend took off the obama pin and lit it on fire "
eng	negative	"@1vs100XboxLIVE just got dropped again before the game started. "
eng	negative	"@5OH7 is going to miss the Lebron Kobe puppet commercials. "
eng	negative	"@ab3dj  Poor cavs....all that hard work. "
eng	negative	"@acacia_scott "
eng	negative	"@ahaulil I have a bird living with me.  So I have to find other ways to kill these damn things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks"
eng	negative	"@Akivafever  Sorry, little brother."
eng	negative	"@alanasachi hahaha aww I wish I could come but I have work  boooo!"
eng	negative	"@alexbigman you left without saying hi! "
eng	negative	"@alibartlett yeh i found out just then on facebook. she was cool. it's so sad  Well start being on time and doing stuff right then! silly!"
eng	negative	"@alicayaba so cuuute! hey, i miss you na!  its not the same not seeing you girls everyday "
eng	negative	"@alielayus I want to go to promote GEAR AND GROOVE but unfornately no ride there  I may b going to the one in Anaheim in May though"
eng	negative	"@allyheman but.. but.. but.. I'm not a big fan on camilla belle "
eng	negative	"@alydesigns i was out most of the day so didn't get much done "
eng	negative	"@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work "
eng	negative	"@amazingantonia @teamtaiwo basically @regyates and @jezwelham have said never cheat on your girl and then put a link up, but bb+youtube= "
eng	negative	"@AmberPacific i know i dont know why i said that "
eng	negative	"@AmyriadfthINGs As far as I've read, some idiot let explode a homemade bomb in the crowd in Sao Paulo! Brazil gay minded? Forget it! "
eng	negative	"@angelicbiscuit http://twitpic.com/7pf62 - not a "
eng	negative	"@AnnaCampos Poor King Jame  Next up: My Lakers against the Magic!"
eng	negative	"@AnnaSaccone my aunite just made a mean comment about me and said i was fat  and missing the bf. how r u? xxx"
eng	negative	"@AnnaSaccone sounds yummy! i hate now living on practically nothing! "
eng	negative	"@AnthonyW90 oh my god...im freaking out that i will have skin cancer now!!!!! "
eng	negative	"@Artistbabee but tht's annoying "
eng	negative	"@ashleyarrison, Us sydney siders are bummed with no show!!!  so sad i could not make melbourne,,,,"
eng	negative	"@ashleybella no  i won't be able to go! ... are you going to the taylor swift concert?"
eng	negative	"@AshleyLTMSYF hi ash where are you now? im so jealous coz i cant see the vid u posted on youtube while u were in Manila huhu "
eng	negative	"@AshleyLTMSYF hiya how r u? shame i missed u in Sydney. i was sick.i heard yall rocked!!! i missed the a/party 2 which i was invited to "
eng	negative	"@ashleyskyy but I wanted a margarita too! "
eng	negative	"@ashleyxtellez watching that 70s waiting for my headache to go away  lasted all day..."
eng	negative	"@ashman01 My only complaint about Facebook is they've changed it so much it's confusing "
eng	negative	"@AsianPersuazion lmao idc bout the cavs my team lost yesterday "
eng	negative	"@astewart87 oh my gosh that made me emotional haha idk why!!! i dont want to get old "
eng	negative	"@Ayerad no, well  i hope not. He could ha hasnt been at school fer a wile  but @koast08 doesnt believe he had cancer"
eng	negative	"@B_Barnett I did not really see that coming "
eng	negative	"@baneen it was a "
eng	negative	"@BarackObama Why, Mr Obama?... It was not nice killing a harmless fly. You really should be above such thing... "
eng	negative	"@barnarl No London outing this time unfortunately  Got weddings and family commitments to attend to. Next time I hope..."
eng	negative	"@Bay_B_Doll He got sick...all over.  After a warm bath, and tending to his fever, I had to take a warm bath after cleaning up..."
eng	negative	"@Benjo321 Yep companies are starting to catch on how popular the iPhone is and the prices are going up and up "
eng	negative	"@BleuMuze  Hit up gameworks and a movie in downtown Seattle.. went down to pike place market, but it was closed "
eng	negative	"@BlindMonkey I want to play   I need to finally break down and get an xbox 360."
eng	negative	"@bnetwestival Oh no!!  I'm in Sydney for IMATS on the 12th!!      "
eng	negative	"@Bnever oh darn i'm not in london "
eng	negative	"@Bonedwarf MGS4 isn't on XBox "
eng	negative	"@bowtonos Friday dash to the airport in peak hour sydney traffic + rain - pint "
eng	negative	"@breannalovesjb hurry up home!!!!! im dying with no youtube "
eng	negative	"@Breezy_Bree nothin much, just bored and need a job! i don't have money to get anything i want. 16GB iPod Touch, Sony HTS and a Cybershot "
eng	negative	"@brennasaurus  Lame! Mom said she has to work all say on Saturday. :'("
eng	negative	"@brennasaurus wow that's sad  "
eng	negative	"@britneyspears I should have gone to see you in london! "
eng	negative	"@BruceDangle While gloating will be fun, i don't really wanna leave, i'll miss you Vegas "
eng	negative	"@butterballs_mc yes because a plane air france crashed !!!!! more french and brazilian are died "
eng	negative	"@Butterflyshoes I confess I didn't know that about nasal sprays, thanks. I know the scienceeee bit but sometimes forget to apply it "
eng	negative	"@cactusjac laptop, 2 netbooks, a psp and my derby bag. More angry at myself in a way. Not sure what was backed up. Lost my tatt idea pics "
eng	negative	"@cameronparker  what about me? Sorry drunk in vegas is bad!!"
eng	negative	"@CannonGod My Hay Fever is awful already. Nipping into the village later and get myself some Piriton. "
eng	negative	"@Capital_M ***hugs*** Honey I wish I was going to one of the shows this year   It does suck a lot. At least nowadays we got youtube ? “
eng	negative	"@carolrainbow no Internet at home, have to drive into Ox to use Internet because of builders! "
eng	negative	"@CarVin1 lol they are some emotional ass men!! Omg all this late night eating.. Both of us are broke "
eng	negative	"@cateycancer ohhh??? That bad huh  u still got pink in your hair where you working??"
eng	negative	"@cazp09 @Katynha wow, cancer does kill alot of people "
eng	negative	"@ccollinsmith You didn't do the trip to Chicago for #symp09 ?    Robbed!  Make up for it with a trip to Sydney instead  "
eng	negative	"@charlietm I know right. I dunno what is going on with twitter. "
eng	negative	"@chasewill that sucks! here in brazil is unusually cold "
eng	negative	"@chauncey78 hey did u talk to mom.. r they home yet? i hope they r ok.. wish i was coming home 4 easter.. "
eng	negative	"@ChloePatrick4 Yes they crashed 640km northeast of Brazil's fernando do norohna island "
eng	negative	"@chriscuzzy awww you lucky thing here i am stuck in england with the not very sunny weather  wubu2?"
eng	negative	"@christinarnia I was looking around and there's a facebook group about Tori's boyfriend Alex, who died a few days before her. It's so sad "
eng	negative	"@Chrxs sick sick sick  No more McDonalds ever again. SUBWAY!"
eng	negative	"@Cibaby sorry hear bout the cavs "
eng	negative	"@cocomix04 ill tell ya the story later  not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours..."
eng	negative	"@coollike Hey how much friends have you got on Xbox cause your friends list is full it would not let me add you. "
eng	negative	"@Cronotriggers  that's sad."
eng	negative	"@cuecas84 That sucks  LOL, at least there is an upside to staying late "4";"Starbucks! The best way to start the morning "
eng	negative	"@d_castillo ugh, that's disconcerting "
eng	negative	"@dan_jf It's very handy but unfortunately it appears to have borked my Facebook status column "
eng	negative	"@daNanner aw, sorry to hear that. "
eng	negative	"@Danasaur4 no :s well for dani's house yeah. but for my new house no "
eng	negative	"@DannyDutch Slow.  Submitted many resumes but not alot of work in my field right now.  McDonalds?  Maybe "
eng	negative	"@Darkestwizz YouTube wouldn't let me upload my video yesterday "
eng	negative	"@DatasWife Aww do you really work in McDonalds. "
eng	negative	"@daveknox awesome-  corporate housing took away my modem and gave me an air card for the summer..  = no xbox live. "
eng	negative	"@davidschwimmer cold!!!??? Here in London it's been awful. We get a humid sticky heat. Not great to work in "
eng	negative	"@DavidssonAsa they're only shipping that shield to north america "
eng	negative	"@ddlovato I will add prayers for your friends dad while I also pray for my own. He has cancer  I hate having parents sick"
eng	negative	"@ddlovato OOh demi... I want to go to your show... but I can't because I'm from Brazil..  so come back!! i miss you!! :/"
eng	negative	"@ddlovato Wish i could , but im in england  xx"
eng	negative	"@Devinthedude007 actually the whole site has finally been taken over by those damn russians "
eng	negative	"@Dezz_MCR I don't like England at all, it's boring, crap and my accent sucks majorly "
eng	negative	"@dhein i think Germany is boring. When i grow up i would move  to England or Canada "
eng	negative	"@DjAlizay I really don't think people choose to be that way. But I think he chose not to accept my family's help   He might be dead by now"
eng	negative	"@DonnieWahlberg I hope i can make it to the auburn show. but its not looking good for me "
eng	negative	"@dougiemcfly "
eng	negative	"@drewkolar my dad threw me out, I'm at my grandma's tonight.. and I need a drinking buddy  but I'm in Brazil, not really around the corner"
eng	negative	"@duchess_rebecca Man... intervention is soo sad "
eng	negative	"@dweeman why aren't you a happy camper? "
eng	negative	"@DXPetti awww doesn't work on iPhone yet hurry up YouTube "
eng	negative	"@Egyptsaidso u were right about lastnites game  damn i still love Lebron!lol"
eng	negative	"@ElizaBrownSugar Poor LeBron  I think he's going to be an even stronger force next year"
eng	negative	"@elizard I think Mary is working Monday night too  CAVS need a miracle "
eng	negative	"@emiliexclarkex miss you "
eng	negative	"@emitstop So true, I have it and don't use it "
eng	negative	"@EmmaEpic i'm not even going to check"0";"Retweeting @todayshow: Reuters: Actress Farrah Fawcett dies from cancer, age 62 -- Spokesman "
eng	negative	"@endearingevania I sure wish I could go with you guys tmrw. But as per usual, school interferes. "
eng	negative	"@enia59 Aw, hun! You're gonna make me cry  You will get to england! Course you will "
eng	negative	"@enterbelladonna i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrated with it. i'll miss talking to you on here. "
eng	negative	"@Eriberto1 Thanks! I'm just being picky cause I don't want to have a 6am flight leaving Vegas coming back "
eng	negative	"@fauziab me too! after a late night as well. Yep, i suffer from hayfever "
eng	negative	"@featureBlend Me either   So Sad!!!!  LOVE #LeBron!!!"
eng	negative	"@flyknocka after all these years and working at Starbucks the doctors finally inform me that they bring on my migranes  sucks !"
eng	negative	"@FollowSavvy I never found her. everytime I click on her twitter thing through your myspace..... it goes to some dude's page "
eng	negative	"@Gconscious i'm doing another move (back to seattle) over the next couple weeks! i miss everyone and music "
eng	negative	"@georgeruiz Unfortunately one of those moments wasn't a giant squid monster. "
eng	negative	"@gfalcone601 i should soo do that but i need to get back to England asap.. miserable in Texas "
eng	negative	"@gilbirmingham Gil I'm sorry you won't get to Sydney as well next week for Supernova  you're only going to Perth, is that correct?"
eng	negative	"@goodlaura What about Reese dying on #TTSC? And season finale next week.  #24 boring, Madame President is a crazy woman."
eng	negative	"@GpaHill not really. England and Sweden (and perhaps more) have it too. But ours' punishment is extremely harsh "
eng	negative	"@graemearcher I am sad about Innocent selling out too! "
eng	negative	"@griffmiester no exchanging for me, my laptop hasn't arrived "
eng	negative	"@grum WAH I can't see clip, must be el-stupido work filters. Can't wait 'till I get a 'puter. Something else 2 blame ex 4. He broke mine "
eng	negative	"@Hail_Mary_Jane Did you know Obama id signing a new bill to give the FDA cntrol of the tabacco industry. no more flavored dutches "
eng	negative	"@hammett I wish I could have time for my xbox  project all tied"
eng	negative	"@hellivina I miss 'em too. "
eng	negative	"@hemanshujain - My facebook friends were pissed with my tweets "
eng	negative	"@Henkuyinepu it's overrated "
eng	negative	"@heybonnie they didn't play vegas at the sydney show last night either "
eng	negative	"@hillaryrachel oh i know how you feel. i took a leap of faith and asked Taylor Swift to be my BFFL ... she didnt reply "
eng	negative	"@Hollywoodheat I should have paid more attention when we covered photoshop in my webpage design class in undergrad "
eng	negative	"@huntermoore I don't want him to ever punch me.  "
eng	negative	"@hyperbets i hope this doesn't last too long.  i feel miserable!"
eng	negative	"@ian_si I stick to main roads. That said, I just lost my ipod while jogging.. too dark to find it. Rather upset "
eng	negative	"@iLoveLyci lol i said the CAVS deserve to be in the finals.. but thanks for banging on me anyways "
eng	negative	"@ImajicArt 3 month cancer battle. "
eng	negative	"@ImCirocObama late on Mirror?????? when did u tweet that.. and def not!!!! I am gettin tired tho... "
eng	negative	"@ImCirocObama on W. Northrup....but its pretty much all gone  lol"
eng	negative	"@imraw88 Lebron is just the next Dominique Wilkins with the rate his teams are performing in the playoffs....or worse next Ewing...sad "
eng	negative	"@insomniacgames ohhhhh why, why those codes are given when I am at the office, I say it again I need a PSP to use Remote Play "
eng	negative	"@j0ames meee!... too bad I live in Sydney! Make down under your next trip "
eng	negative	"@jacobsummers Sorry  tell them mea culpa from me and that I really am sorry."
eng	negative	"@jaimelondonboy A hay fever suffer liking summer, I need to take what you take. I've not looked forward to summer for years now. "
eng	negative	"@Jalen_Rose what u think about ur boy LeBron dipping after the game not sayin' nuthin 2 Dwight r the other Magic players? Ugh! "
eng	negative	"@jamie_oliver lol Jamie..can you do it soonish tonight..cause i waited hours last week and fell asleep..and missed out  it's 7pm in Sydney"
eng	negative	"@JaXboxChick77 I'm afraid if I tried that, I'd lose my job.  Or get molested."
eng	negative	"@Jay_F_K im pissed, i cant find my ipod "
eng	negative	"@JayBeeStarsky  i think this would all be much easier if someone would just GIVE me a car, but oprah hasn't returned any of my calls "
eng	negative	"@jazred87 i told you if I caved I'd end up abusing it... much like I do Facebook. It's because I don't have any real friends "
eng	negative	"@jessgirl I still feel like crap. The fever is alive and well. "
eng	negative	"@jillianfish tweet something damn it!  and hang out with me please? "
eng	negative	"@joannasaw I am too  Think it might be something in the air today. I want to go shopping. Specifically, to yours! Coveting pretty things."
eng	negative	"@joannasayswhat  My old phone doesn't have a sim card."
eng	negative	"@JoDunbarxx back to standard old rainy England "
eng	negative	"@jokerrrr It stillllll hasn't arrived "
eng	negative	"@JonasAustralia absolutely nothing. like watching JONAS on youtube and homework "
eng	negative	"@JonasAustralia I have to wait till next week.. I get paid on monday. "
eng	negative	"@Jonasbrothers Hey guys, what happened to your YouTube account!?  It says it's suspended."
eng	negative	"@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - OMG the Jonas´s youtube page is closed now      why?"
eng	negative	"@JonathanRKnight I hate the limited letters,too.Hope you and the guys are fine?I pray for my dog,she�s not well "
eng	negative	"@jordanhowell lol only a PSP, had a game boy but my cousin lost it  "; theres a N64 around"
eng	negative	"@joshalexanderr fair enough. i havent had those in ages. now i want mcdonalds hashbrowns damn it "
eng	negative	"@joshuadejong Don't know, there still seem to be problems on Xbox LIVE after the maintenance yesterday. "
eng	negative	"@JTalk100 Hope your headache stop soon.I'm about 2 die....  I miss MaryJane so much. That was my boo! Lol"
eng	negative	"@julieitis I'm sad Facebook won't just let me have kate.southern.    Must come up with new name."
eng	negative	"@JustynaSaid Your iPhone got shipped out but Apple but a hold on all orders til Friday anyways "
eng	negative	"@kaeeeep yeah! i know! it was horrible!!!! ugh. saddening. "
eng	negative	"@Kal_Penn I am so sad  Kutner was my favorite of the new team!!"
eng	negative	"@karriedaway not good  cavs lost. ughhh."
eng	negative	"@katebornstein which is pretty anti memorial tattoos   but for all but the strictest, there's no official BAN, just disapproving family"
eng	negative	"@kbonded I kno right! I really want'd LeBron "
eng	negative	"@KelleyRowe hey, you remember that time we used to be friends?? "0";"@daniela_95616 my english professor would be ashamed. "
eng	negative	"@KevChoice I just don't get it. What in a persons mind could even have them on some ish like this???  My prayers are with her fam for real"
eng	negative	"@kevinprince I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!"
eng	negative	"@khlovess22 imma check it out when I get home. my school blocked youtube "
eng	negative	"@KHLOVIS I wanted CFA breakfast today but the car place took too long so I had to settle for McDonalds "
eng	negative	"@Kianasaurus - Bear just crunched my leg "
eng	negative	"@KidFco0L LMAO my throat hurts... Man I told myself I wasn't gonna come back from vegas with an STD rhis trip "
eng	negative	"@kiki_huggles i wana go back to london tooooooooo "
eng	negative	"@KING5Seattle I wish there was no rain! I'm hosting a party and at 5 am this morning I had to hurry up and get it set up indoors instead "
eng	negative	"@KourtneyKardash yup night workouts r the worst but unfortunetly my work schedule only allows me to go at night  its tough!"
eng	negative	"@kuuchuu He was also in Sydney too!!  "
eng	negative	"@KWEE79 HOW ABOUT NO SCORE, GIRL LEBRON LET US DOWN "
eng	negative	"@labelsnotlove   my home town. My mammy called all depressd.  Pls explain y a parent let their 8yr old child walk alone? Hello? Its 2009!"
eng	negative	"@Lakers girls better do something amazing atthis parade!Most likelythey will just ruin thebeauty thatis goinon  unfortunately they SUCK!!!"
eng	negative	"@lakersnation Is this a joke?  I can't find them "
eng	negative	"@lakersnation LOL. I can't DM you about the tix if you're not following me.  Silly twitter!"
eng	negative	"@lamilondon its reggae night @ sway lil sis I'm sad  Grrr. @mightyxtra can u let me know these things in advance lol"
eng	negative	"@LariiTran OMG!! Where's the trailer? I can't find it on youtube. "
eng	negative	"@LaurenConrad The Hills wont be the same without you Lauren,I am in sydney,Australia and I think I will stop watching "
eng	negative	"@LEAFSFAN71 I'm just fine, I'm here with a friend. Her mom is in the late stages of cancer "
eng	negative	"@leehopkins ok you guys are just too adorable! You should have given us notice so we could have maybe met you in Seattle! "
eng	negative	"@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences."
eng	negative	"@lenesha but Im not feeling well, mommy... "
eng	negative	"@LeoWolfe PS. I was just trying to talk to you on facebook but you ignored me! "
eng	negative	"@LesleyLambert I'm hurting for a java   home brew or starbucks?"
eng	negative	"@lewisusher na  not till we drive Sydney to Bris Vegas the week after  gay work!"
eng	negative	"@lilbucknuts41 not an option "
eng	negative	"@limbecky I'm doing the time warp without you and am sad. "
eng	negative	"@Lindsey_ I was very bummed to hear Obama did this "
eng	negative	"@Lisa_Sparxxx whats with the Lakers and buttery fingers in the last minute? The really pissed me off "
eng	negative	"@LisaP RIP Farrah Fawcett omg I didn't even know she had cancer. That is very sad news, she was a beautiful woman and actress "
eng	negative	"@LittleLiverbird DAM it was to cure your hiccups...altho I feel slightly guilty....... type in scary maze game into youtube! SORRRRY "
eng	negative	"@LizChavez I can't set my feet on the ground. The missing eyelid people might get me!  "
eng	negative	"@lizhodgins I heard your moving to Sydney next year im not happy "
eng	negative	"@lolitariot oh no  hope you're not getting sick too!"
eng	negative	"@LondonDiva Yiikes did you think so? I've not found him funny in years "
eng	negative	"@londonerin26 When were you in la? Bad news! I have to work on the reunion "
eng	negative	"@Lowjacker twitter top trends pisses me off. Oprah and the other tv celebs totally ruined twitters vibe. "
eng	negative	"@loytoy90 My friend Bryce. He has cancer "
eng	negative	"@luke01688 That's my exact Starbucks drink. And there is no Starbucks to be found... "
eng	negative	"@LUVYATEAMEDWARD Is there a site you can watch it besides Youtube? Im behind a firewall at work. "
eng	negative	"@lvesckmelody .......i  watched the previews that they've been playing way too much.... it looks really bad!! Stop watching it.   haha ..."
eng	negative	"@mamasvan lol - nope! but i did have complete #camerafail "
eng	negative	"@mangaaa I hope they will increase the capacity fast, yesterday was such a pain. Got the fail whale +15 times in 2 hours.... "
eng	negative	"@MarcScottEmery type their names love... whats going on with u and seattle? what the eff! they are making pot a bigger issue than it is! "
eng	negative	"@MarcusMims wow i didn't get an "
eng	negative	"@Marge_Inovera I tried tweetdeck once and I hated it with a passion. Or it hated me, I'm not sure... "
eng	negative	"@MaryBethune oh no! with everything that happened today, i forgot we were going dress shopping for the opera tomorrow. "
eng	negative	"@marykatherine_q i know! I heard it this afternoon and wondered the same thing. Moscow is so behind the times "
eng	negative	"@mattmacdonaldis epic loss  I was disappointed in LeBron, he just couldn't sink anything in the second half."
eng	negative	"@mattress i had my ipod to take notes, i just have such a short attention span I forgot by the time my haircut was done. "
eng	negative	"@maxime68 @megelder But! I'm useless if I don't sleep  It's not fair! I want all the fun as well!!!"
eng	negative	"@McCainBlogette what's bothering me the most are the RNC Convention images stuck in my head: the crowd mocking Obama for his com. service "
eng	negative	"@mcdonalds being a fatty. "
eng	negative	"@McFlyingGirl aww...you fell off your bed??  i sorry....my mom has Oprah on...*eye roll*"
eng	negative	"@melissaohh yeh. he had cancer didnt he? "
eng	negative	"@miamiiboii dead @ yu gettin on wen im leavin "
eng	negative	"@michelletripp Don't be too bummed. Saw it @ IMAX Sydney (largest in the world) "; felt it was too big. Action seqs were all a blur to me "
eng	negative	"@miketopia my parents were supposed to be at vegas this weekend but didn't go  have enough fun for the both of us :] haha"
eng	negative	"@MillyAye Short Stack are on tour - playing Sydney, Melb and Adelaide - no perth "
eng	negative	"@Miss_Kookie  im good mad my CAvS lost "
eng	negative	"@MissSarcastic Youtube won't let me watch the vid for some reason "
eng	negative	"@MissSydneyJ ahhhghhh..  they dont dance no mo all they do is dis."
eng	negative	"@MissyatWSU Why?  Seeing sad for you, Obama friend, and one whose the flames of liberalism power your objectives..  "
eng	negative	"@MKoenigsberg  don't be a meanie! it doesn't matter the weather out when i could go tanning anytime in a cancer machine!"
eng	negative	"@mmitchelldaviss My Xbox Live isn't working either "
eng	negative	"@modernmod yeah, last year we had to put Lucky (a rescue) to sleep due to cancer as well.  Very sorry to hear about Benny @AdamSchwabe  "
eng	negative	"@mrhankmanthe3rd Hoping they do an early upgrade program again or i'm going to be even longer without an iphone "
eng	negative	"@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ..."
eng	negative	"@mrsaintnick hey! i'm leavin in the morning... "
eng	negative	"@MusicSnob75 I want starbucks and have no time to stop before work "
eng	negative	"@mykele sayyyy whaaaa? I wasn't invited... "
eng	negative	"@Nahrain yeah, the torturer (Lynndee England), she's another sick puppy. "
eng	negative	"@NASA   NASA managers have decided to postpone the launch of space shuttle Endeavour due to the hydrogen leak.  "
eng	negative	"@nasalcrooner Envy you rascal.. I even missed out the Iron Maiden concert in Bangalore. I was in US then "
eng	negative	"@nasamuffin Poor you...Gina doesn't let me sleep at all, let alone on her arm "
eng	negative	"@nattysweetie jealous i was stuck inside  hows london? xxx"
eng	negative	"@naughtyhaughty I had on my page for sooooo long!!! Until it got deleted  Sad day in history"
eng	negative	"@nchokkan https://www.mycomicshop.com/search?TID=395031 But all says not in stock "
eng	negative	"@nenasayshi sooo i missss youu! "
eng	negative	"@nick_carter Aww Nick!! I like your hair longer, why did you cut it off?  Break. My. Heart."
eng	negative	"@nick_carter I will wait for you at fanclub chat.. even tough you're not my favorite "
eng	negative	"@nicolerichie I cried so hard when Matthew died "
eng	negative	"@nicolerichie yes! we had the VHS. i cried when the old man died "
eng	negative	"@ninaland Nightmare..the worst thing about following you is all the great locations you mention. And I’m just stuck here in sunny London "
eng	negative	"@NoelBajandas  Mira, I can't come to class...  I have a fever...   gonna stay in bed....  ....  Next week?"
eng	negative	"@NoLoveInTheCity Morning Princess....I couldnt find your youtube..i was sad "
eng	negative	"@Noufah wanasa , I wish I can have lunch at home  I usually be there at 7 pm or later :S"
eng	negative	"@nrg07 i knooww.. i once watched marley and me and oprah at the same day, and i sick of crying "
eng	negative	"@Nusretnina I know how you feel, it had the same effect on me!! Its the 3rd anniversary of my mums death to cancer tomorrow   xx"
eng	negative	"@oanhLove I hate when that happens... "
eng	negative	"@ObamaNews Your pages are being redirected to nowhere.  "
eng	negative	"@octolinz16 It it counts, idk why I did either. you never talk to me anymore "
eng	negative	"@OfficialRandL when is the announcement? i stayed up late last night "
eng	negative	"@OhRikki lmao. I dont wanna be the official child molester of twitter though  Obama already stole that title from me :/ Fuckin Jagerbombs."
eng	negative	"@onehunnidt Amen to that. I hate the Lakers so I really hope Orlando takes it cuz the Cavs lost it "
eng	negative	"@Oprah Miss you, no twitter "
eng	negative	"@oprah Tyler Perry was a first time voter?........ Australia is wayyyy behind in Oprah eps. "
eng	negative	"@parkerbrookie :yeah it definitely doesnt work  i was hoping it was like a secret # that could transfer you to Obama or something.."
eng	negative	"@peterfacinelli i was going to go to the twilight talk in sydney cause u were there. im not allowed stupid parents  your the best actor!!"
eng	negative	"@Polkadotperla sigh..... broken dreams    there's alot of obama look alikes!!!!!!!! it's still possible!!!! lol"
eng	negative	"@Poohpot lmao im sorry poohpot i ate it all! "
eng	negative	"@pratama Same iMac came out $320 more in Indonesia than the States. "
eng	negative	"@praxxis To each their own though - I'll stick to PC/XBox360 gaming, Wii makes me sad these days "
eng	negative	"@pricelessrock  my fever is gone!!! Now I'm just trying to get my energy back...I sweated and coughed so much I'm drained "
eng	negative	"@PrincessSuperC Cavs down by 20 3 mins left... just in case u arent watching.. its over for Lebron "
eng	negative	"@pspaddict007 i dont wanna be in the club! "
eng	negative	"@psprkl @sdoyon It's bad for their little baby ears "
eng	negative	"@QuanDotCom I miss mine too! "
eng	negative	"@QueenB_212 @lalavazquez your moy is so sick on her bday  high fever I think I might take her to the ER"
eng	negative	"@qweendassah no...he's still miss'n... "
eng	negative	"@RachelCmrn I don't like goodnights "
eng	negative	"@raczilla I guess this means no Cavs championship T shirt from @Dewiel "
eng	negative	"@radsnowgirl Man, now I feel so sorry for the nice guy full of prostate cancer "
eng	negative	"@razzman Hmmm...Lebron vs. Kobe shattered. "
eng	negative	"@realjohngreen  i wish i lived in sydney or melbourne"
eng	negative	"@RealKidPoker You're in Wolverine?! Now I know I'm never gonna receive a Twitter reply or get to meet u during my Vegas trip this year. "
eng	negative	"@Rhyanath Oh... sorry to hear that.  Cancer is a nasty thing.  Sounds like it's going to be a difficult few weeks for you. "
eng	negative	"@ricochetsrapid sorry buddy... I haven't been on facebook  hope things get better"
eng	negative	"@RiskyBusinessMB wish u guys were gonna be in vegas next weekend "
eng	negative	"@rjman23 waiting for the iPod touch 3.0 jailbreak for pc to come out....itouch4life said it's not gonna be out today "
eng	negative	"@rmilana headache.. worst thing in the world *hate it* "
eng	negative	"@RobHolladay it looks like lebron is going home "
eng	negative	"@Rocker182 Sweet. No better game to be able to play anywhere than that. Too bad I don't have my PSP on me today. "
eng	negative	"@rockstardriver bummer i wanted to meet u in seattle "
eng	negative	"@rorschach_xxx Poor Mavs. And Yao's out  Makes the Lakers' job easier. #Pity"
eng	negative	"@Rove1974 @Pink is our hero too! Love her! Wanna go see her in Brisvegas again but sadly my bank balance wont let me "
eng	negative	"@RubyRose1 prop 8 didn't pass... again? OMG why does it even have to go to a vote. Obama should just work his magic? "
eng	negative	"@rumblepurr lol.. wish they understood daylight savings has ended though and breakfast is an hour later  They keep waking the kids up too"
eng	negative	"@RumLover An empty rum barrel is a sad rum barrel. *shakes head* the horror, the horror.  "
eng	negative	"@RumLover No! u supposed to be my date "
eng	negative	"@RyanSeacrest is it just me, or she hates anoop. i mean seriously, she's kinda mean to him. "
eng	negative	"@SallytheShizzle  poor salsal *HUGS* i get headaches from my short sited..ness, when i dont wear my glasses and try focus long distances."
eng	negative	"@sanasaleem should have turned me into muffin "
eng	negative	"@sanasaleem Since when? I'm officially broke, everyone knows that "
eng	negative	"@sanasam im not  icant afford it."
eng	negative	"@Saraa_xD What I TRIED to say was 'it seems like the people of Facebook don't agree'... I guess I fail  -cries-"
eng	negative	"@SarahAMurdoch tahnee and lola are defs my favs! Im an addict and have to get my hit from youtube though- apt block doesnt have cable!! "
eng	negative	"@SarahCowan my doctor told me to stop caffine. I'm like a tea "
eng	negative	"@SarahReedSC treaty isn't defined "
eng	negative	"@SeattleRealEst8 439 calories"
eng	negative	"@SeattleRoll meep yeah.  hope she can tolerate the operation. so big, it shouldn't be easy.  "
eng	negative	"@seattlewire, I want to keep following u, but all the repeated tweets u do r outta control! "
eng	negative	"@sebr get a ticket? North Sydney Council left a parking turd on our car today too "
eng	negative	"@selenagomez i'm so sorry the youtube video you accidentally deleted was the dance video one   i was just about to watch it again..."
eng	negative	"@seriog tried, it allows only chars, numbers and underscore  I'll go with jankowarpspeed"
eng	negative	"@shalin99  I knw yar... I hated it too... its a big headache ... m also very tired... still have one whole year to go... "
eng	negative	"@ShantiSaha ugh now I feel retarted, and jayz is gonna be at tao and diddy is gona be vegas too fight nights are so fun  oh well"
eng	negative	"@Shari58 Still got the fever "
eng	negative	"@shaundiviney hey radio staion the 101.3 one dnt work for sydney  it just flick 2day fm playing im on a boat"
eng	negative	"@shigirl2224 aww sorry ur feelin sick still hun.  i wrote ya a comment on facebook a few hrs ago-didya get it?i gotta b at gym by 9am  ..."
eng	negative	"@sickathanavg know how that goes. How old is your son? I have baby fever. I get it every spring  my nephew has given me the worst case."
eng	negative	"@simondoggett I would like to install iphone 3.0 but phone is with the insurance company  with a huge crack in the screen "
eng	negative	"@SimoneKali Get me an autograph and shout out! You have to record it though. My computer is dead so I can't listen. "
eng	negative	"@sjtryon hey. Quick Q.  What was the iphone general gps/map app you recommended?   Totally eludes my feeble brain at the moment "
eng	negative	"@skybits Thanks! Link won't work on my 3yr old very-much-not-an-iPhone Phone though, sadly. Rationing last 20 pages of novel "
eng	negative	"@slewlakers that's was I was thinking  shit hope he does!"
eng	negative	"@SongzYuuup the Cavs arent doing their job offensively...cant win, if you dont make shots..i think its a wrap "
eng	negative	"@spikezezel me dislikes, idc abt 'sweet home alabama' being ripped off, but the 'werewolves of london' ruining makes me sad "
eng	negative	"@SportsfanPJ fudge. -__- i missed it. i would have re-told him my story about us meeting him in Vegas "
eng	negative	"@spryken ah, I'm so sorry it  I played a game of PSP with my friend tonight, and returned a while ago."
eng	negative	"@StaceeyLeigh He lives in Seattle I think  TOO FAR AWAY"
eng	negative	"@starbucksapron just always really awkward...we just don't have anything to say to each other evidently. "
eng	negative	"@starbucksapron NOOOOOOOOOO! the one i was happy to hear about is now taken away "
eng	negative	"@starbucksapron we got an email from Igor, but have to decline our logos "
eng	negative	"@starbucksqueen I'm sorry "
eng	negative	"@startonomics: @vishnupsp oooh, dowry is another topic we cud debate 4 days, and end up confused. i failed miserably in all my attempts. "
eng	negative	"@Stefter I wish. I was going to walk to Starbucks, but decided to just make some.  mediocre coffee."
eng	negative	"@stephenkruiser I'm so sorry to hear about your dog "
eng	negative	"@stephenkruiser I'm so sorry to hear that.  It's always sad when we lose those close to us, as we loved them."
eng	negative	"@stephenkruiser So sorry to hear about your dog. "
eng	negative	"@stephenkruiser that's horrible  sorryto hear that."
eng	negative	"@stephnewby there is a virus going around  congestion, throw up, "
eng	negative	"@stereoqueenbee ugggh, I feel you. I'm getting sick now too, burning throat, feverish  BOOOOO"
eng	negative	"@Steve_Buscemi the weather in Canada is freezing "
eng	negative	"@sudam08  yes, someone hasn't been reading my posts properly  "
eng	negative	"@sugarlandmusic we were second to starbucks  slow down on the clues so we can get back!"
eng	negative	"@superfro432 we came in second. No vegas for us this year "
eng	negative	"@supersport I miss my buddy  ill be in NY on the 25th"
eng	negative	"@suzieqjenny what??? No more iPhone??? Are you crazy??? "
eng	negative	"@sweeetnspicy hiii im on my ipod...i cant fall asleep "
eng	negative	"@sweetbaboo1979 Have 2 -Angel is our old gal, nearly 11 and Sadie is her daughter. Angel's age catching up 2 her-cancer,joint failure  "
eng	negative	"@SweetSoaps OMG OMG!!  Good luck!  I've been through the Oprah process myself but it ended in disappointment. "
eng	negative	"@syamira723  i really wanna watch that, but my dad is watching oprah! "
eng	negative	"@sydneyfamous well i thought i was goona lose my job b/c my boss just kept yelling at me today "
eng	negative	"@taptam_76 I can't...the Blackberry is a work perk so if I move to an iPhone they won't pay for my bills "
eng	negative	"@taylorswift13 @selenagomez @ddlovato Please pray for my friend's dog Mikey, he may has cancer "
eng	negative	"@taylorswift13 please come back to australia taylor!!! i missed going to sydney concert as i was sick with bronchitis "
eng	negative	"@tea oh! i'm so sorry  i didn't think about that before retweeting."
eng	negative	"@technologyfr8k no sadly I don't have an iPhone "
eng	negative	"@teefury Not seeing it. The Facebook preview? looked all up and down your body.... of your web page  Still nvr got shrt U snt. BURROWISH "
eng	negative	"@TerrenceJ106. U should have told her and that voice box gone b bad 2 if ur ass keep on smokin them cancer sticks  lol"
eng	negative	"@ThaStevieG but what I really want is my old bass back "
eng	negative	"@the8333696 no chance of that here! YouTube and ALL networking sites are blocked.. Can't even get onto flickr at work anymore "
eng	negative	"@thebig0  how can you dislike obama? he likes mustard! and hamburgers! and basketball!"
eng	negative	"@thecoolestout Ehhh don't. Weather's gonna take a turn for the ugly tomorrow "
eng	negative	"@thecoolestout Ha the sun's already gone "
eng	negative	"@TheDCD Heheh true. But the bulk is PS2, really. Sorry, no Xbox. "
eng	negative	"@TheEllenShow Josiah Leming's mom lost her battle to cancer yesterday  Such an amazing woman. I hope you will have him on your show again."
eng	negative	"@TheiPodKid that ain't fun "
eng	negative	"@therealnph Twitter hates us both then.  "
eng	negative	"@thilanwij omg dudee, i didn't saw your i.m on facebook! so sorry  anyway, back at cha with the hi!"
eng	negative	"@thisishanasays I MISS YOU SOOOOOOO MUCH "
eng	negative	"@TiffanyTran i sure am tiff... but now the fever's gone only cough and running nose.. sigh  i wonder if wendy's sick..."
eng	negative	"@TikkaMadsen @gogomago what are you two up to?  Ah shit, Miguel's gone?   I wonder if he blames Obama for Twitter, LOL..."
eng	negative	"@TJ_Sopher damn right - the grill is always open down here "
eng	negative	"@TKayla Beware.  Atlantic City casinos are not nearly as generous as those in Vegas.  Even the Enchanted Unicorn ate all my monies "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly back to England? South America will miss you  please come back soon"
eng	negative	"@tommcfly brazilian fans are jealousy because of what you talk about Chile Tommy "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly doesn't has it to sell in Brazil. I'M CRYINGGG! "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly I already miss you guys! One day you will come back to Brazil, won't you? "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly ooo starbucks. damn for me not having radio 1 on though "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly south america will miss you!  and brazil is already missing "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly that youtube link isnt avaliable in england  Xx"
eng	negative	"@tommcfly Tooom, come back to Brazil "
eng	negative	"@tommcfly Why we didnt have meet and greet in Brazil? The videos in argentina are making me so sad  It isnt fair.."
eng	negative	"@tommcfly you've made me want a starbucks frappuccino  that's just cruel"
eng	negative	"@TVreeland Aww Denver Nuggets.. you tried  Better luck next time. Darn Lakers."
eng	negative	"@TweetRamona too bad it's in seattle.. "
eng	negative	"@una_avion2010 Sorrry, I'm doing like 29823782 different things. Kevin Jonas' Girlfriend "
eng	negative	"@uncleweed down in Seattle for the weekend will have to miss Canucks Outsider  Will try and tune in though!"
eng	negative	"@uniquebritt is talking crap to me cause the lakers won thats not even fair!!! they cheated...lol "
eng	negative	"@untrainedninja I use tweetdeck for my mb while I use tweetie for my iPhone but once I get stuck in API he'll, both apps don't work. "
eng	negative	"@vene2ia ...not yet unfortunately, another few weeks I've been told  How are you? I've been a little bit busy with my latest project."
eng	negative	"@VerseTheVillain No problem! Sad thing is I can't listen to it 'cause my phone won't load the player  is it in YouTube form or will it be?"
eng	negative	"@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?"
eng	negative	"@Vicstar   Game's over.. Screw the Lakers"
eng	negative	"@vishnupsp sob...sob...  wish i were there too mate....!"
eng	negative	"@vishnupsp yea man, Missing #bck5 really hard.  I am at Ma College of Engg, Kothamangalam, what do you do..?"
eng	negative	"@wehadatime If you figure it out, I'll co-author a book with you.  Sadly Oprah likely won't let us on her show. "
eng	negative	"@winggato no free comp lol "
eng	negative	"@winstano the new psp looks horrrrriiiiid "
eng	negative	"@xcaix I am suffering with hayfever today  dam you pollen!!"
eng	negative	"@xerocint Nice. I wish I hadn't updated my PSP's firmware. "
eng	negative	"@youngobama ok baby! damn son just ate the last piece  sorry"
eng	negative	"@ZacBriley ouch harsh lol well then just reply to me on facebook? or dont even talk too me "
eng	negative	"@zarigee i got mcdonalds, surpisingly its not a popular drunk food option.  its sucks that all diners aren't 24hrs here anymore"
eng	negative	"@ZRHERO Yeah and yeah. But i cant go on it atm cause the xbox is in my brothers room and hes locked his door cause hes out "
eng	negative	"*Sad news for the ABC Action News family* Gary Papa passed away today from Cancer.......... He'll be missed! "
eng	negative	"/me has headache "
eng	negative	"#3 woke up and was having an accident - "
eng	negative	"#3turnoffwords "
eng	negative	"#Cavs lost, Lebron may be the king but he needs more help from his people!  worst day ever."
eng	negative	"#haveyouever wished microsoft never had to update xbox live? i'm so sad i can't play cod4 live. "
eng	negative	"#inaperfectworld i would have enough money to buy tickets for the jonas brothers and taylor swift concerts "
eng	negative	"#nasa #shuttle endeavour launch scrubbed.  engineers unable to fix hydrogen leak. What?! (via @ryantxr) crud "
eng	negative	"#shaundiviney#bradiewebb... ...dang it.1st sydney show ss sold out..my driver didnt get ticket  .."
eng	negative	"#xbox live is down  o well i guess i will jus have to play my ps3 then"
eng	negative	"06:38 to London Liverpool Street. A bit of time to sort my photographs and to start reading Dot Robot. Didn't find time for a coffee "
eng	negative	"123 more days until i get to see Taylor Swift in concert...thats way to long "
eng	negative	"20 mins from home and i owe john 3 shots cause the cavs lost "
eng	negative	"28 days without rain in Seattle. That had to end... today "
eng	negative	"2morrow will be day one of no smoking, don't expect to last long, Thank's a lot @barackobama 4 taking my one joy and doubling the price "
eng	negative	"5:30am I'm fuckin tired... Up for more than 24 hours straight no naps  gnite for now Vegas  http://twitpic.com/7w83x"
eng	negative	"6:39am: getting ready to go to school. i'm looking for my PSP though, i can't leave the house without it. "
eng	negative	"8 from 8. England are heading for defeat "
eng	negative	"A bit of poker tonight, 45 man $6.50 SNG, I came in 4th.  Trip to vegas next week might not happen "
eng	negative	"A colleague from Thailand I've worked with many times and has been suffering from cancer passed away last night. Crying on train. "
eng	negative	"A killer headache put me to sleep earlier  and now I am up "
eng	negative	"A king sized bed is nice but sad and lonely with no hubby, puppy, or kitty   I am over this whole conferenceing thing."
eng	negative	"A word of caution for would be McDonalds free coke cups collecters. The glass is not the same color on each cup. We have brown and purple "
eng	negative	"About to lose a respected friend to cancer "
eng	negative	"after seeing Ronan's latest update : I wish I was in London right now "
eng	negative	"Ahh! I wish I hadn't had McDonalds yesterday... its not good for the skin "
eng	negative	"All good Xbox 360 news from E3, but I'm bummed that we have to wait until fall for the NXE updates "
eng	negative	"all ready 4 hospital in the morning, may the cancer fight begin "
eng	negative	"Allergies sucks sometimes. Theres a super adorable 9 month old beagle named Sydney hanging out with my roomie and his friend. Can't pet. "
eng	negative	"almost freaking out cause of this damn headache "
eng	negative	"Also"0";"please don't eat VEAL people. just saw a video of how calves are reared then slaughtered on oprah - so sad for the poor baby cows "
eng	negative	"although i was committed to #OS3, the iPhone activation service had other ideas, probably overloaded, Bah! "
eng	negative	"am i living in Seattle with all this rain? Soggyboggyfoggy "
eng	negative	"Am I seriously about to go to mcdonalds? No other option at this hour "
eng	negative	"Am so tired!! I have a poorly twin with a fever and diahorrea "
eng	negative	"Amazing reception!! Too bad about the Cavs "
eng	negative	"amazon s3 plugin not worked in my website . it need PHP 5 . but my hosting provider has only PHP 4.4  . very sad."
eng	negative	"and before shopping im going to visit my best friend...He has blood cancer since october  i miss him so much, but we talk everyday"
eng	negative	"And somehow I still end up in this place "
eng	negative	"And the hayfever begins "
eng	negative	"and the labtop just got messed up now i cant look at the lessons and tips i hope the psp can go to the website "
eng	negative	"And then an overlay of a pic of her face bleeding in the style of those Obama hope posters. "
eng	negative	"Another good @londonhackspace. Wifi sucked tho, usually motivation for the nerd in me to socialise but I actually had a lot of work to do "
eng	negative	"Anybdy else sad to see LeBron not in the finals? I know I'm not  Looking fwd to the Magic against the Lakers!!"
eng	negative	"Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) "
eng	negative	"anyone else having problems accessing TTB??? I cant get on!!! "
eng	negative	"Anyone using #TweetDeck?  Their latest version update v0.25.1b still does not allow me to response #Facebook status... "
eng	negative	"Apparently it works but the facebook app crashes "
eng	negative	"Apple Now Charging to Re-Download Apps on the iPhone? http://bit.ly/rwa5x (via @iphonefanatics) this makes a sence to me anyway!! "
eng	negative	"Argh crap just remembered we go visitors over tonight  wanted to veg out and play xbox."
eng	negative	"Argh why does Megan have to be in Sydney... I have no one to hang with tonight "
eng	negative	"Argh! How 2 fly with a stupid headache.  so sad - http://tweet.sg"
eng	negative	"ARGHHH. Having a major "
eng	negative	"arghhhh, i dunno where my ipod is "
eng	negative	"arrgh! Spent hour and half trying to fix Xbox Live when its down for maintenance. No wonder it doesn't work "
eng	negative	"Arrived in Seattle. Sad the trip is over so soon. "
eng	negative	"As i read a few minutes ago... the visit of Obama in dresden is only an accommodation to Merkel (German chancellor).No touristic program "
eng	negative	"At home, and bored as hell. The Lakers 2-2 "
eng	negative	"at sydneys going away party  its sad to see a very good friend move"
eng	negative	"at work, ready to start my day...I miss my babies already. What am I going to do without them for 6 days while I'm in Vegas? "
eng	negative	"Attending MeM2009 conference in London. Very boring so far "
eng	negative	"aunties house, aww they all went home to vegas "
eng	negative	"Aw man I've actual made myself sick by being hooked on nasal spray  my nose and throat are fucked "
eng	negative	"awhh.   going home from Vegas. :'(      but im going back in June"
eng	negative	"aww david cook's brother passed away from brain cancer  wishing you the best, david!"
eng	negative	"aww i feel bad for lebron, he tried so hard but he has no other help on his team  he's still king james!"
eng	negative	"aww this earthquake in Italy has made me sad  just saw the pics on the news, it's terrible."
eng	negative	"Awwwwwww poor Lebron can't win the division series  o well time for the lakers to beat the magic... I hope"
eng	negative	"Back from Cleveland!  Miss it already    Listened to Lauren sing the whole 3 hour drive back home- felt like Gayle and Oprah on a roadtrip"
eng	negative	"back in England missin my Vegas friends "
eng	negative	"Back to single mom...  Guess that means cereal, McDonalds and cookies for dinner again!"
eng	negative	"Because of my dog she was loose!  "
eng	negative	"Bed. Class 8-12. Work 12-3. Gym 3-5 or 6. Then class 6-10. Another day that's gonna fly by. I miss my girlfriend "
eng	negative	"Bedtime sneak attack headaches suck "
eng	negative	"bedtime, school tomorrow, and i still have no books  being broke suckssss"
eng	negative	"Been ill for two days   But I have now got xBox Live so If you wanna add me tell me!"
eng	negative	"Been to opticians,referred to hospital tomorrow to check ever closing,painful,headache inducing eyes so won't be on air today  Catherine"
eng	negative	"being bored at homee "
eng	negative	"Betsey is up sick! Fever and throwing up!  poor baby girl!!!"
eng	negative	"Beyonce's new single during which she says "
eng	negative	"blegghhhh i have to go to work "
eng	negative	"Bored i Can't Even Go On YouTube? "
eng	negative	"brazil is sad, because air france 447 "
eng	negative	"Brazilian keratin treatment apparently means no washing your hair for 4 days. It's only day two and I'm already stringy and greaser gross "
eng	negative	"Broadband plan 'a massive broken promise' http://tinyurl.com/dcuc33 via www.diigo.com/~tautao Still waiting for broadband we are "
eng	negative	"Btw, no more random comments about Jordan and his iPod.  last class I have with him."
eng	negative	"bumming it because CAVS lost...i feel so bad for Lebron "
eng	negative	"Burned his hand on the grill at McDonalds  I guess it will be harder to finger dick hungry girls tonight :/"
eng	negative	"Bye bye Vegas! Helloo long ass drive home "
eng	negative	"Can't believe Cutner is dead on House! Sad day.  in Santa Rosa, CA http://loopt.us/ORPL3A"
eng	negative	"Can't believe I have to wait til Thursday to see my Cavs play "
eng	negative	"Can't even watch the Lakers parade  Came home early and everythang, just for it"
eng	negative	"Can't finish my damn homework. Fifty more questions to go. I want to play xbox "
eng	negative	"can't go on facebook because, for the first time in 5 1/2 years, someone change my password!!!!! Oh well... I'll explore other apps now "
eng	negative	"Can't watch Apple's iPhone 3 presentation on iPhone  http://bit.ly/AY4Eu"
eng	negative	"Cancer is such a deadly horrible disease... We need to unite and fight to cure cancer for all... To many people lose the fight... So sad "
eng	negative	"Cancer sucks, and the worst part is seeing what the chemo side effects are on my little girl "
eng	negative	"cant be bothered to get a starbuckss if my sis was here get it for me I MISS HER!!! i feel sooooooooo        feel like upset"
eng	negative	"carnt belive getaway plan had there last show in sydney and i wasnt allowed to go  ima so sad"
eng	negative	"CASH RULES EVERYTHING AROUND ME "
eng	negative	"Cavs are done.  My free time just increased.....  "
eng	negative	"Cavs are fucked. They just can't win in Orlando I guess. No Kobe/Lebron dream match this year "
eng	negative	"Cavs lose, and everyone witnessed. Nike will probably need a new ad campaign. Pens lost though  so sports score today is 1-1."
eng	negative	"Cavs lost  I'm really upset. I'm going to bed."
eng	negative	"Cavs well it's over for Lebron and the Cavs... "
eng	negative	"chillin re-watching INSIDE THE OBAMA WHITE HOUSE...I love our Pres and his family "
eng	negative	"cloudy in london please don't rain "
eng	negative	"Coke Zero mobile site broken... on iPhone anyway...   http://twitpic.com/2y5xp"
eng	negative	"Completely forgot that Trav wanted to play XBox tonight "
eng	negative	"contacting iPhone activation server - and thats as far as I go "
eng	negative	"continental check-in at seatac was so brutal. waited 30 minutes to get my boarding passes printed... worse yet... starbucks is closed. "
eng	negative	"Cooperstown and the wedding were nice, but my grandfather got v. sick, v. quickly. Cancer is everywhere. They are making him comfortable. "
eng	negative	"Crap!!! I just broke my $35 headphones from my iPod I need to buy a new one, but I can't spend that money right now "
eng	negative	"Crap. I need more dresses too. "
eng	negative	"Crazy wind today = no birding  http://ff.im/1XTTi"
eng	negative	"Crying, Watching Oprah. A little boy who lost his legs. What a sweet "
eng	negative	"Currently trying to get to level ten on this vampire thing, still wishing my damn PSP would work. Have to wait til Monday to get it fixed "
eng	negative	"Damm back to school tomorrow "
eng	negative	"Damn @omgk I finally hit 10k and I have been on #xbox for over 3 years "
eng	negative	"damn apple for teasing that itunes now supports iphone software ver 3.0 "
eng	negative	"Damn bought 2 Xbox live games now cant download either of them  , live #fail"
eng	negative	"Damn Cavs won!!   Ready for the Lakers tomorrow!!!"
eng	negative	"Damn I left town and forgot the charger for my iphone. Major "
eng	negative	"damn it 150 on xbox . . . but lets see how much it really costs in vegas "
eng	negative	"Damn it, Lakers won't be starting their parade outside my workplace. "
eng	negative	"DAMN LAKERS! I wanted ORLANDO to WIN! "
eng	negative	"Damn Lebron Kobe SHowin Who Should Of Been MVP This Year 2 Damn i'm lookin stupied hoping u guys can pull a comeback from 3-1 "
eng	negative	"Damn the cavs lost I lost sum chippaz "
eng	negative	"Damn u silverstone. wotya have to hold the racing on the day i'll be travelling back from middle england!! Booo!! "
eng	negative	"Damn, booted up the xbox for the first time in ages and Live is down for maintenance! "
eng	negative	"Damn.... Cleveland lose  can't believe it..... Lebron got... Absoluty.... Shut .... Down....."
eng	negative	"Damn...really bad headache from early morning! "
eng	negative	"David Cook's little brother passed away from cancer "
eng	negative	"definitely no vacation for me...   http://plurk.com/p/mzygb"
eng	negative	"Demographics for my Youtube channel.  96% Male, 4% Female.  And I still haven't gotten any hot dates out of it. "
eng	negative	"did ALL our work in one day and now im paying for it with one hellofa headache  My man went to get McDonalds for dinner so i dont cook xxo"
eng	negative	"Disappointed!  Lebron James is a sore loser! "
eng	negative	"doc said: bed rest..  sore throat "
eng	negative	"Does anyone want to buy me Taylor Swift tickets? I just want to take my sister. And I didn't win them on the radio. "
eng	negative	"Doesn't look good for the cavs "
eng	negative	"doesn't twitter near enough. It's been a bad sporting weekend, Freo and the Cavs both lost. "
eng	negative	"Doing homework  cannot be bothered. Putting my PSP on ebay as i don't need and i need some money."
eng	negative	"Doing nothing in math so I'm listening to my iPod and trying to find a game to play on my iPhone... very unsuccessful so far "
eng	negative	"Doing the opposite of a rain dance - apparently, if it doesn't stop raining at Lord's in the next 30 mins or so, England are out "
eng	negative	"don't feel well and certain things are giving me a headache "
eng	negative	"Down with a nasty fever "
eng	negative	"Dropped my iPhone, now it has a horrible scratch  think it's trying to commit suicide because it knows it's not a 3GS."
eng	negative	"E! News BREAKING: Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer at age 62 "
eng	negative	"England are rubbish. Wrong captain. Wrong selection. Only 2 batsmen. Jimmy Anderson was awful. Gutted. "
eng	negative	"everyone go to youtube and look up "
eng	negative	"Eww going to mcdonalds! im freakin sick of fast food. im going to barf.. "
eng	negative	"Ewww. This McDonalds iced caramel latte I'm drinking tastes like dirt. The commercials make them look so good!! I hate coffee. . .yuckkk! "
eng	negative	"exhausted and I have a brutal headache "
eng	negative	"Facebook ads suck  The ROI is about 1/20th of Google. Mostly accidental clicks. Spent hundreds of dollars with very low conversion."
eng	negative	"Facebook doesn't load "
eng	negative	"facebook is being a 'tard -.-'' I can't get a hold of my cousin and don't want to go out alone, 'cause that's no fun "
eng	negative	"facebook is BOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENG "
eng	negative	"Facebook is freaking out.  Apparently I have no friends. Yesterday I had 642. "
eng	negative	"facebook is stuck on stupid "
eng	negative	"Facebook just froze Firefox. "
eng	negative	"Facebook Make me SAD  T.T"
eng	negative	"Facebook.com isint letting me change my profile picture "
eng	negative	"Falling asleep. Just heard about that Tracy girl's body being found. How sad  My heart breaks for that family."
eng	negative	"Farah Fawcett "
eng	negative	"Farrah Fawcett died this morning from cancer.  "
eng	negative	"Farrah Fawcett has passed away after losing her battle with cancer.  - http://bkite.com/08Tv6"
eng	negative	"Farrah Fawcett, star of "
eng	negative	"Feeling bad   My stomach hurts. Going to have lunch and watch Oprah at 3 o'clock - that will make me feel better"
eng	negative	"feeling feverish... I hate getting sick during the winter "
eng	negative	"feeling lost, naked and confused (JK, sort of).....no iphone for me. "
eng	negative	"Feeling quite sorry for England cricket team at the moment  They did not have a great game yesterday"
eng	negative	"feeling the need for some tea from Starbucks, but @valeriehanneken isn't here to join my coffee trip "
eng	negative	"Feels sad my best friend Skippy is not going to be in London  Thanks for ruining that T! "0";"I wish Fallout 3 was on the PSP...but only because that's all I have with me right now "
eng	negative	"Fell asleep . . . Really didn't mean too  *christina*"
eng	negative	"Fever Fever Go Away! Come again another day! Sneeezzzeee! Awwwww "
eng	negative	"Fever is on the up and up "
eng	negative	"Fever, headache, fatigue - got the bug from the kids. Water and Airborne did not help. "
eng	negative	"Fly With Me- Jonas Brothers sick 101.5 fever....  "
eng	negative	"for the first time since i got my iphone, tonight and tomorrow morn i think ill avoid twitter just in case i see something i dont want to "
eng	negative	"forgot about my english coursework "
eng	negative	"Found out that @Astro_Mike was NOT really tweeting from the space shuttle. It was just someone @ NASA. Bummer, I was so diggin that dude! "
eng	negative	"Frustrated that Xbox Live is down, and Netflix sent me the wrong damn video. Homework it is "
eng	negative	"fuck oprah is sad today "
eng	negative	"Full of hayfever today and feeling crap. "
eng	negative	"Funeral today for Blake Kurtz  cancer is yucky!"
eng	negative	"FYI xbox live is down for maintenance that sucks "
eng	negative	"GAH!  I hate it when my children get a fever in the summer   stupid bugs!  STUPID WEATHER!!!"
eng	negative	"Gah! Headache! Gah!....also wayyy to many meetings "
eng	negative	"Getting ready to go home today. Leaving Vegas "
eng	negative	"god i get feckin nose spray for my hayfever now my eyes are icthy as fuck!!!!!!!! why does summer do this to me "
eng	negative	"God I'm still sad !  I wanted to go to the Jonas Brothers show in London ! I'd kill to see the Jonas Brothers and McFly playing together"
eng	negative	"god its so depressing to be back in england after a brilliant weekend  brilliant do tho and my cousin looked really nice on her wedding da"
eng	negative	"Going home to Sydney tomorrow. I hope I won't get too bored at home, also, I have a strange feeling I will miss people in Canberra a lot "
eng	negative	"going thru town and traffic on bypass is stink "
eng	negative	"Going to a funeral/memorial service. Ugh, I wish we would find a cure for cancer already. "
eng	negative	"Going to bed early, I got a headache...  "
eng	negative	"Going to bed. I am not feeling well today. Got a fever. "
eng	negative	"Going to sound vain... but running out of my fav lip gloss "
eng	negative	"Going to starbucks to study. I hate finals week "
eng	negative	"Going to the shower. I hate Londons weather at the moment "
eng	negative	"Good afternoon Twerts! I'm satying at home. Thanks to the fever and........the rashes. "
eng	negative	"Good Morning peoples, I missed McDonalds breakfast! "
eng	negative	"Good morning. I finally have a fever to go along with my colds. Might have to skip rehearsals tonight.  This sucls!"
eng	negative	"goodmorning, my hay fever is acting up again.. bluhhh "
eng	negative	"Google contacts on Pre. Problem is that it imports all contacts while the iphone just imports 1 folder 'my contacts'. Have to clean'em up "
eng	negative	"Got a bad headache boo  FML!"
eng	negative	"Got a fever, and this ain't the disco kind "
eng	negative	"Got a headache "
eng	negative	"Got a headache!!! "
eng	negative	"got a sniffle, got the kids and hubby just left to work in Sydney for the weekend, boo hoo "
eng	negative	"got disconnected of xbox live 1 vs 100 after having more than 30,000  at start  "
eng	negative	"Got Fever  so tired"
eng	negative	"got headache, fever  i can't go anywhere because i'm sick :'("
eng	negative	"Got headaches for 3 days now "
eng	negative	"got highly bored today scanning 24 pages for daddy. Had to do it! "
eng	negative	"gots a headache and baby eric's got a fever  crying fussy baby=no fun"
eng	negative	"gotta repeat  whole art folio cuz old one with a whole terms work got wet "
eng	negative	"Gpsphone is no longer free by the update it asks for a donation , if you dont donate you cant update the gba emulator "
eng	negative	"gr8t my face is very itchy "
eng	negative	"Grr not down to go to school today "
eng	negative	"Grrrrr....my mother found me on facebook.  Now I have to watch what I say.  Facebook is suddenly becoming WAY less cool  "
eng	negative	"Guantanamo is still open, I thought Obama promised to close it "
eng	negative	"guess I have to wait another year to see Taylor Swift "
eng	negative	"Guess I will go to bed...Cavs lost "
eng	negative	"guess we won't be going out tonight... little one has a fever "
eng	negative	"gutted that our trip to london NEVER happened. maybe another time ... "
eng	negative	"ha, the sun is shinin, shit! Got to do the garden  L:Oswestry, England, United Kingdom:"
eng	negative	"had a blast at the Getty Villa, but hates that she's had a sore throat all day. It's just getting worse too "
eng	negative	"had a cold.. I can't breathe.. gotta headache, nose is 'tuffy, sore throat, I ust wanna lay down and sleep forever!!... "
eng	negative	"Had to curtail my scooter ride due to rain...this place is geting like Seattle "
eng	negative	"had to miss out on lunch...random sickness  watching oprah's big give in bed"
eng	negative	"Had to take Ash "
eng	negative	"Hamu is on my tour tm!!!! I'm excited "
eng	negative	"happy fathers day to all the fathers out there!!!!! unfortunatly im not celebrting, my dad died coz of cancer when i was 8  xxx"
eng	negative	"Happy to have my solar drawing on http://www.sydneyobservatory.com.au/blog/ The sun has now left the Irish skies  usual clouds are back."
eng	negative	"has a broken iphone "
eng	negative	"has a headache "
eng	negative	"has a headache "
eng	negative	"has a huuuge headache! omg I feel like crap! "
eng	negative	"has a lot on her mind. I needs to make some moneys. And ideas. Nowhere is hiring! "
eng	negative	"has a major headache  Beer...."
eng	negative	"has a massive headache "
eng	negative	"has a mild left inner ear infection.. and its got this irritating “
eng	negative	"has a stupid stomach ache and fever "
eng	negative	"has hayfever  and can't be arsed with being grounded. i hate it."
eng	negative	"has hurt her ankle!! and is going to the dr "
eng	negative	"has just got home with a headache and a lot of worries  http://plurk.com/p/y4i9y"
eng	negative	"has lost his ring. It's no-where to be seen "
eng	negative	"Has now gotten somebody to read his tweets, but cant get them to make an account. "
eng	negative	"has the worst sinus headache "
eng	negative	"hates waiting for mails "
eng	negative	"have a really sore throat and i think i also have a fever  not good"
eng	negative	"Have to log out , I have a terrible headache....see you in a while "
eng	negative	"Having an issue installing 3.0 as my iPhone refuses to backup   Then again, I've not been able to get it to backup for months."
eng	negative	"having an upstairs downstairs fight over the sky+ with my step dad. i want oprah and he want's have i got news for you.... he won "
eng	negative	"Having problems setting up Cairo Dock on Ubuntu  Some of the cairo themes I saw on youtube look awesome!"
eng	negative	"Hayfever S.O.S.! Forget about Xyzall, Zyrtec, Aerius or Allerfre. Who's got stuff that WORKS for me? I'm dying out here (esp. my eyes)... "
eng	negative	"Hayfever time  not good!"
eng	negative	"headache  i still wait my DVD... I need McFly!!!"
eng	negative	"Headache and yardwork = miserable hell "
eng	negative	"Headache, bed, work in the morning, then busy all day tomorrow. "
eng	negative	"Heard my baby is running a fever and not feeling good. Wishing I was home. "
eng	negative	"Heard the sad news. I suppose no more Lebron v. Kobe commercials "
eng	negative	"heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family. "
eng	negative	"Hello Twitters! Sorry I've been MIA, sitting @ the airport in Rome, getting ready  to leave  for London!  I'm so going to miss it here!"
eng	negative	"Herpes be gone! Bet quote of the night, "
eng	negative	"hey, I actually won one of my bracket pools! Too bad it wasn't the one for money "
eng	negative	"Hi there folks, hope you're having a great day "
eng	negative	"Highly upset that I missed Buck. In other news, I also have a headache. BOO. "
eng	negative	"hiia people, im new on this please be nice im going though a ruff time with my nan whos dieing of cancer   xXx"
eng	negative	"Hmm im usually dead right about night...ugh skool monday...looong spring/easter break ugh no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda.  "
eng	negative	"Hmm im usually dead rite now...ugh skool monday..no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda     i wish u went to skool for a millisecond!!"
eng	negative	"home for spring break. no one is home tho "
eng	negative	"Home from Franklin street, I almost jumped over a fire. Someone kicked it before I could.  Jenny lost her shoe."
eng	negative	"Home sick. I have a sore throat and fever. "
eng	negative	"home... have a headache. "
eng	negative	"homework homework homework "
eng	negative	"Hope kojima's teaser reveals a new metal gear solid, just hope it's not for PSP, or I'll have to buy one "
eng	negative	"Hoping that just a single #squarespace might get me another iPhone. I need a 3G to test against !! Tired of sacrificing my personal phone "
eng	negative	"horrible headache and i'm sad cause i just took my last pain pill "
eng	negative	"hot - its hot in herrrr. 96 degrees in nashvegas and no pool "
eng	negative	"How can the Teen Choice people possibly put Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift in the same category.  That's not fair to me. "
eng	negative	"How embarrassing is it to have a Russian newspaper make fun of us for abandoning capitalism in exchange for Obama-flavored fascism?  Wow! "
eng	negative	"http://seattle.craigslist.org/tac/mcy/1205308493.html damn when i find the bike i want in the color i want, i have not the cash "
eng	negative	"http://twitpic.com/2y36e - cant see the flowers falling  i dont have a camera, just my cellphone"
eng	negative	"http://twitpic.com/7gteh - Not wanting to leave Vegas~ "
eng	negative	"Hungover headache today  got paid today = more drinking tonite on the + side I lost 2 more pounds on the diet... Hope today's quiet @ work"
eng	negative	"I am bored "
eng	negative	"I am listing more items on ebay to sell!  Takes forever..meanwhile Coleman is watching The Hills season premier without me.. "
eng	negative	"I am officially banning godaddy.com from my comp. My head hurts from the small print AND I wasted $10 that could've happily gone to Boba "
eng	negative	"i am so upset right now...I'm still at work and about to die of sickness I've got a horrible fever and my ass shouldn't be here!! "
eng	negative	"I am still 98 yrs old on Facebook. How How How?   "
eng	negative	"i am very disappointed at president Obama for not wanting to help Iran.this may be the only chance for iran to have freedom "
eng	negative	"i am very sad xbox live is off line for a day  no COD today"
eng	negative	"I am... So Pissed off @ that game last night!... Damn It LeBron!... "
eng	negative	"I can't believe the cavs ! "
eng	negative	"I can't believe the cavs lost "
eng	negative	"I can't find my Ipod   Just tore the living room apart and never found it."
eng	negative	"i can't get rid of my Facebook account "
eng	negative	"I cant sleep  and i think im getting a fever "
eng	negative	"I dnt think this is a happy birthday fa my baby Melo  lol oh well , I'm ready to see this Lakers/Cavs match-up!!"
eng	negative	"i don't like lukewarm showers "
eng	negative	"i don't see the big deal with this website "
eng	negative	"I don't understand... I really don't "
eng	negative	"I dropped my favorite @Starbucks travel mug and it cracked "
eng	negative	"I eat mcdonalds way too much "
eng	negative	"I feel better after eating but I still don't feel great. I have an awful headache. "
eng	negative	"I feel feverish: sweaty and shivery. fever is a symptom of piggy flu. noooo "
eng	negative	"i feel like a nobody...i don't even have any spam email  no spam, no aim messages, no friends, no comments on site, no facebook stuff. "
eng	negative	"I feel like I've not tweeted for so long, when in reality its been a day. I can't find my ipod "
eng	negative	"I feel like shit. This is NOT the way I want to spend my birthday's eve "
eng	negative	"i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters "
eng	negative	"I finally found iPod headphones that are meant for apple. they're madddd loud. 2 days "
eng	negative	"I forgot my iphone at home. I feel naked without it "
eng	negative	"I forgot to mention that last night, I dreamt Oprah sent a photographer to kill Toiletface. And succeeded. I cried so hard in the dream. "
eng	negative	"i got a realy bad headache "
eng	negative	"I got my fone my iPod and my Comp lifes almost good. Theres just one thing mising,My girlfriend  and I wuld trade evrythng to b with her"
eng	negative	"i guess it's over for the cavs..... "
eng	negative	"I haaattte hayfever. Piriton, claritin and antihistamines seem to not make any difference "
eng	negative	"I had a dream Michelle Obama was stalking me. She was trying to pin flower broaches one me "
eng	negative	"I had a horrible nightmare last night which affected my sleep, now I'm really tired "
eng	negative	"I had a huge headache  I wonder why I never  get headaches or get sick often "
eng	negative	"I had to bury my iPod and buy a new one. "
eng	negative	"I hate converting movies just to put em on my itouch "
eng	negative	"I hate having my eyes dialated....I have a headache "
eng	negative	"i hate hayfever! "
eng	negative	"i hate headaches "
eng	negative	"I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet "
eng	negative	"i hate to see the spartans so sad "
eng	negative	"I hate when I have to call and wake people up "
eng	negative	"I hate when software update downloads updates without telling me. I never know what's downloading when it is "
eng	negative	"i have a headache  it hurts."
eng	negative	"I have a headache "
eng	negative	"I have a headache "
eng	negative	"I have a headache and it won't go away "
eng	negative	"I have a nasty headache. Must be rain heading to Worcester 2night. Could also be because it's my 1st full day back at work since Sunday "
eng	negative	"I have had a 102. Fever all night. "
eng	negative	"I have such a headache "
eng	negative	"i have the biggest headache from playing golf all day "
eng	negative	"i havent had starbucks in almost 6 months. and its makin my tummy hurt "
eng	negative	"I hope Microsoft have fixed #xboxlive #marketplace this morning last night I was having 0 luck with it .. I want to play #samandmax "
eng	negative	"I hope since @oprah is friends with @ev she doesn't make a call to get me destroyed  #herebeforeoprah"
eng	negative	"I just can't spell today, i totally suck "
eng	negative	"i just found my old,  broken, pink ipod nano. poor thing "
eng	negative	"I just got the E 74 error from my Xbox 360"4";"@VegasBill Now that, I'd like to see. "
eng	negative	"I just saw that they found that Tracy girl in a piece of luggage... How fucking terrible "
eng	negative	"I just woke up, thanks to my friend screaming in my house..been in bed w a freakin headache. "
eng	negative	"I keep drinking coffee wishing it was Starbucks "
eng	negative	"I know my life has been flipped upside down when I just thought in my head that some Ramen sounds good. "
eng	negative	"i left my IDs at the location and now i can not go out to bars  FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK"
eng	negative	"i lost my ipod "
eng	negative	"i made mcdonalds lose $1.57 cents today...im gunna get fired "
eng	negative	"I miss him so much  sosososo much. I wanna be in sydney"
eng	negative	"I miss him.  Can't wait to celebrate the Tar Heel win this weekend though!!"
eng	negative	"i miss kenny powers "
eng	negative	"i miss my ex soo much "
eng	negative	"I miss my iPod...life just isn't the same without it "
eng	negative	"i miss my psp "
eng	negative	"i miss my PSP "
eng	negative	"I miss watching Rocko's Modern Life. "
eng	negative	"I miss you twitter. My phone broke, now I'm using a stupid Nokia phone. Ughhh, I miss my advance phone. "
eng	negative	"I need tickets to see Taylor Swift! If only I could live closer to a BIG city! I would have so much more of an opportunity. College=poor "
eng	negative	"I need to go to the bank tomorrow before I go broke... "
eng	negative	"I reaaly miss john mayer's twitters.  fuck rude people. Remove him if you don't like his tweets, bitchfucks."
eng	negative	"i really feel bad bout eating a cheeseburger and a donut for dinner  ugh! i so need to burn this off tomorrow! :| darn McDonalds!!!!"
eng	negative	"i really hate how people diss my bands!  Trace is clearly NOT ugly!"
eng	negative	"i really need a new ipod  i can't fit all my music onto my ipod nano."
eng	negative	"I really need to stop checking my Facebook every 3 seconds hoping there's a message from Kyle "
eng	negative	"I really wanna listen to some taylor swift right now. But all my cds are in my car at my parents house, since i borrowed moms car. "
eng	negative	"I really want an iPhone, but I have to pay a few things off first. Why do I have to be so dang respo nsible?! "
eng	negative	"I scratched my iPod "
eng	negative	"i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me. "
eng	negative	"I still can't find my keys. "
eng	negative	"I swear no matter how long I've been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. Man my eyes hurts wah "
eng	negative	"I think I have a fever... Boo!  - wanting me some cpk mexican tortilla soup!"
eng	negative	"I think I have a little headache  maybe becuz I have to study History..? :o)"
eng	negative	"I think i officially killed my ipod "
eng	negative	"I think I'm having fever "
eng	negative	"i think im slowwly gettin addicted to facebook  im such a book face !  lol wtf  much ?"
eng	negative	"I think Oprah and an extremely negative show "
eng	negative	"i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him  gah"
eng	negative	"I thought I had a fly on my arm and was ready to go all Obama on the sucker, but then realised it didn't have wings. Twas a spider. Urgh "
eng	negative	"i thought paulo was tomorrow  BUT i did have a grand day in ayr. now i have 3rd degree burns and most likely skin cancer."
eng	negative	"i thought today was gonna be a good one but disaster has struck i've dropped my psp and cracked the screen  gutted."
eng	negative	"I thought you could buy Silent Hill for the PSP on the PS Store? I can't find it anywhere? "
eng	negative	"I updated to OS 3.0 on my iPod Touch. A few apps have stopped working.  http://bit.ly/17nwOf"
eng	negative	"i wanna go taylor swift concert in wembley!!!!! and miley in NEC but i cant afford miley "
eng	negative	"i wanna meet @chrystinasayers sooo bad "
eng	negative	"I wanna move to LA! Or Laguna beach. Or maybe London... but not here, in this small boring country. No celebs ever come here!  uuuuh"
eng	negative	"i wanna see Michael Jackson LIVE! Too bad i dont have enough money to go to England! "
eng	negative	"I want a strawberry milkshake from Mcdonalds, shame i cant get there "
eng	negative	"I want mcdonalds but the stupid lady on the line said their stupid people are busy "
eng	negative	"i want my mom to come home so she can get mcdonalds for me  i am starving"
eng	negative	"I want my xbox back  #codwaw #mp1 #MP2 #xbox #WTF #Need"
eng	negative	"i want short stack to come to england already "
eng	negative	"I want some fries from McDonalds. Im so hungry "
eng	negative	"I want to listen to Taylor Swift's songs so that I can forget my problems.. but our computer is too slow "
eng	negative	"I want to live in London so bad "
eng	negative	"I want to move to London "
eng	negative	"I want to play some xbox but my father is watching Tv and downstairs my brother is playing some crappy game "
eng	negative	"I want to see king blues at the "
eng	negative	"I was hoping my Starbucks would keep me awake to study last night... but Starbucks failed me and I fell asleep.. time to cram "
eng	negative	"I wasn't worried about Xbox Live's downtime today, until I realize I also won't have Netflix on 360. "
eng	negative	"i went to my room 2 hours ago to study for my econ exam tomorrow. but all i ended up doing was watching an epi of oprah and taking a nap. "
eng	negative	"I wish diversity was like one of those musicians with loads of stuff on YouTube, but no  #bgt"
eng	negative	"I WISH I CAN GO ON YOUTUBE!!!! "
eng	negative	"I wish I could censor out all iphone chatter at the moment. It just makes me sad that I don't have one nor can I afford one right now "
eng	negative	"I wish I didn't live so far away from central London "
eng	negative	"I wish i was going to a Taylor Swift concert this summer...Sigh.. "
eng	negative	"I wish I'd studied harder at school, I always wanted to work in the NASA control room   *sighs*"
eng	negative	"I wish taylor swift was coming to glasgow. "
eng	negative	"I wish we had a Starbucks here - I'd KILL for a caramel mochiatta!!! Guess I'll just have to make do with a green tea ...yet again!!  "
eng	negative	"I wished I wouldn't be so tired ... and with headache ... no interest in going drinking or anything  life sucks"
eng	negative	"i work sunday so i gota watch the lakers ownin at work  i wish i could have drank a beer to toast with them"
eng	negative	"I would have bet a hundred bucks it would b Cleveland "
eng	negative	"I'm always in school everytime Tom tweets  @TomFelton Please tweet in the afternoon (in England time) ((((("
eng	negative	"i'm bored dude ¬¬ nobody wants to take me to mcdonalds... "
eng	negative	"I'm clearly a lakers hater... Just FYI "
eng	negative	"i'm crying so much! i can't watch the mcfly videos in Brazil! they're so perfect! i wanted to go back in time! love ya!  i want them! "
eng	negative	"I'm doing my homework. It's gosh darn hard!! "
eng	negative	"I'm feeling very nasaly today "
eng	negative	"I'm getting a headache. "
eng	negative	"I'm having seattle withdrawls "
eng	negative	"I'm not happy that I can't watch communitychannel's videos on my iPod. "
eng	negative	"I'm off too bed. I gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning. "
eng	negative	"I'm really cold. I don't want to go to sleep yet but there's nothing to do "
eng	negative	"I'm really sad about Farrah  I HATE cancer! I wish we could find something to BEAT that disease!"
eng	negative	"i'm sad because @jacvanek mentioned london.... oh how i miss it "
eng	negative	"I'm sad the Cavs won because that means Josh is going to game 6 Saturday night instead of karaoke with the rest of us! "
eng	negative	"I'm sad! I was planning on seeing Taylor Swift in concert. I went to look up how much the tickets cost and it said 'SOLD OUT'.This stinks "
eng	negative	"I'm seriously upset/sad about my ipod "
eng	negative	"I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased "
eng	negative	"I'm sooo sad!!! they killed off Kutner on House  whyyyyyyyy"
eng	negative	"I'm soooo hungry!!! And all I see is McDonalds.   I guess I'll be having a Two Cheeseburger meal for lunch."
eng	negative	"I'm still waiting for the Oprah touch "
eng	negative	"I'm stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. And I felt terrible yesterday. "
eng	negative	"I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. "
eng	negative	"I'm TORN between a PalmPRE and iPhone 3G S. The keyboard on the Pre is too small for my hands  HELP!!"
eng	negative	"I'm tweetless without miPhone   can't wait for the new one...which is shipping from....china?"
eng	negative	"i'm very poor and can't afford to buy anything  i would like an iphone for the price of free #Squarespace"
eng	negative	"I've had a headache for 2 days and it won't go away "
eng	negative	"I've had a headache for 3 days straight went to the doc and I am dehydrated  drinking lottttts of water now!"
eng	negative	"I've had such bad hayfever these past days "
eng	negative	"I've just noticed that my right eye is majorly swollen, damn hay fever! And just saw the must shocking news on T.V,David Carradine died.  "
eng	negative	"i've only been in sydney for 3 hrs but I miss my friends  especially @ktjade!!!"
eng	negative	"I`m looking for a job as a english/spanish translator in England, Spain or America, but I don`t know where to start looking. "
eng	negative	"If any one comes across my air mattress, camera, or ipod, give me a ring. Son of a bitch "
eng	negative	"ill so i cant go to the cinema!! "
eng	negative	"im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, california"
eng	negative	"im so tired of work...i need a life.... "
eng	negative	"im sooo sad right now  i need a hug"
eng	negative	"im soooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrred an i havent even been finished exams for a day  damn you xbox live. damn u to hell"
eng	negative	"im sorry cavs...but its gonna be lakers vs magic  give up now!!"
eng	negative	"in biology class. my lip hurts "
eng	negative	"IN DESPERATE NEED FOR IPHONE MONEY (srsly, me needs a phone that works!  ) AND ITUNES MONEY! :O"
eng	negative	"in english 231 with a sore throat and headache "
eng	negative	"In Mcdonalds....... Wanted To See Star Trek But All Late Times "
eng	negative	"In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry"
eng	negative	"in seattle...and sick  hate my life right now"
eng	negative	"In Sydney, three hours into my journey. Bored and cheia de saudades. Bah "
eng	negative	"In the airport getting ready to leave vegas "
eng	negative	"In the park during lunch hour, realising that I will have to accept the fact that I now get hayfever "
eng	negative	"iPhone battery died  Learnt from last time and now charging via my MBA rather than my clock radio."
eng	negative	"iphone charger died "
eng	negative	"iPhone isn't giving me a data connection "
eng	negative	"iPhone update 3.0 scheduled cor hume 17th... They have only 12 hours left, I can't download it yet "
eng	negative	"iPhone won't update yet, can't seem to get to the 'activation-server', and the 'More info' button shows a 404.. great "
eng	negative	"iphone, down. don't update to 3.0 yet people. "
eng	negative	"iPhones r so cool but so expensive have tried to convince parentals about buying one but they are like 400 quid so no chance "
eng	negative	"iPod touch = brick.  "
eng	negative	"iPod touch 16GB £209 Bloody hell "
eng	negative	"is  in Sydney on Wednesday for training... not really looking forward to work tommorow "
eng	negative	"is @ maccas using his iPod touch 2 twitted LOL I wanna go home! I jst kno iPods guns run outta battery "
eng	negative	"is at Beso in Hollywood... so tired "
eng	negative	"is at home watching Criminal Minds and then Las Vegas and then.... forced myself to sleep!! "
eng	negative	"is at work and saddened due to Ted Baker London not being able to ship to the continental US  I want the hat!"
eng	negative	"Is feeling alittle better but is in a hayfever craze "
eng	negative	"Is going to Vegas but wanting to go to Seattle "
eng	negative	"is home from Sydney but didn't bring back any doughnuts "
eng	negative	"Is it raining in the north end? Too bad, that has no effect on the record of dry days in a row in SEATTLE. We northenders don't count. "
eng	negative	"Is just at work for the day -sigh- I have a headache "
eng	negative	"is kinda annoyed when people don't reply to me on facebook chat. . . . "
eng	negative	"is leaving Seattle tomorrow morning, and he's not going to lie, he's quite sad.  "
eng	negative	"is missing playing my trumpet "
eng	negative	"is nervous...hubby is off to the cancer clinic this morning  "
eng	negative	"Is never going to eat McDonalds again! They have ruined the humble junior burger with pepper  and now it tastes like crap"
eng	negative	"is off work today with a throbbing headache. My whole head feels like its pulsating "
eng	negative	"IS PHONELESS  ...NOW OFF TOO SLEEP"
eng	negative	"is pissed that england won 4-0 and i didn't get 2 watch it "
eng	negative	"is running a fever after last night, sad face. "
eng	negative	"is sad that taylor swift's personality is a fake...she was my rolemodel "
eng	negative	"Is sat Outside mcdonalds waiting for dale's mum. Its too early "
eng	negative	"is so disappointed with the lakers!!!  must come back on game 5!!!"
eng	negative	"is SO sick of watching him play xbox 360  somebody humor me PLEEEEEEEEEEEASE!!!"
eng	negative	"Is starting to think Obama was all hype    same old politicians"
eng	negative	"is strangely sad about LiLo and SamRo breaking up. "
eng	negative	"is stucked in Paris and can't even travel into France (for work) "
eng	negative	"is suffering very badly with hayfever today "
eng	negative	"Is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back "
eng	negative	"is up and has a bad headache "
eng	negative	"is upset that i missed the taylor swift special "
eng	negative	"is watching a sobering #Oprah covering staggering new homelessness in Sacramento. wow. "
eng	negative	"is watching Catherine Tate video clips on a Saturday night on Youtube... how sad is that...  http://plurk.com/p/yvm9q"
eng	negative	"is wishing i was going to be in LA w/ da fam for the LAKERS Parade  but I gotta stay on my grind .. operation: get out of san diego!! "
eng	negative	"Is wishing that they would hurry up and cure Hayfever "
eng	negative	"Is wondering why it's always warm when she leaves London in the morning "
eng	negative	"isn't digging xbox live being down "
eng	negative	"isn't ever hungry any more, but gets hunger headaches reminding her to eat. not fair. "
eng	negative	"it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night. "
eng	negative	"It was a sleepless night "
eng	negative	"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
eng	negative	"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
eng	negative	"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
eng	negative	"It's not fair no one I like tours England "
eng	negative	"It's now 13:30 and no iPhone 3.0  Talk about keeping us waiting!! Grrrr....."
eng	negative	"It's only tuesday "
eng	negative	"it's times like this I wish I could put new songs onto my ipod. it's britney spears and lady gaga-less "
eng	negative	"Itchy eyes!! Stupid hayfever "
eng	negative	"its 6am and I have been up since 9am yesterday...this is a serious problem!  Starbucks here I come!"
eng	negative	"Its 7:40 am.. feeding our boy.. Richie has a fever  My Poor love! - Baby"
eng	negative	"ITS NOT ENOUGH TO SAY THAT IMISS U "
eng	negative	"Its over 4 the cavs!!! My last hope down the drain "
eng	negative	"Its raining in Sydney. "
eng	negative	"its so sad about his bro....................... he has cancer  
eng	negative	"ive lost my ipod it seems to have just disappeared, i guess jb wont be singing me to sleep tonight then "
eng	negative	"ı miss home made starbucks coffee  ı wanna go homee...."
eng	negative	"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
eng	negative	"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
eng	negative	"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
eng	negative	"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
eng	negative	"JTH and CR dropped from the England team. "
eng	negative	"just deleted all my bastard songs off my Ipod "
eng	negative	"Just doesn't feel right withou my morning starbucks "
eng	negative	"just finished watching the movie Prayers for Bobby. Broke my heart "
eng	negative	"Just found out via Gazelle.com that my old cell phones "
eng	negative	"Just going to cry myself to sleep after watching Marley and Me.  "
eng	negative	"just got back from starbucks "
eng	negative	"Just got done watching the new House episode.Definitely one of the saddest episodes ever. "
eng	negative	"just got home from watching Michigan State get tromped!   "
eng	negative	"Just got home from work a little bit ago! Too busy to twitter, lately.  Work isn't as much fun when everyone's in Vegas but you!"
eng	negative	"just got into manchester, i miss everyone already    i want to move to england."
eng	negative	"Just got my presentation done, 23 slides done...  I'm crying for this week will be the hardest of all weeks."
eng	negative	"Just got off the phone.. my dad called me saying that his prostate cancer might have returned. He goes for tests friday "
eng	negative	"just got the red ring of death on xbox360... second time it's happened well there goes playing ghostbusters "
eng	negative	"Just had a horrible message left on one of my YouTube videos, just when I was starting to feel better "
eng	negative	"Just listening to my ipod the climb. wel it just ran out of batry "
eng	negative	"Just lost $160 "
eng	negative	"just poured a glass of wine.Was waiting for pizza from our old friend in sydney but have just been told it's not happening,I miss mario's "
eng	negative	"Just realised I have @hueyyei 's psp in my bag. Can't play it now though.. "
eng	negative	"Just spent £10 on cards (which I hate buying anyway) then left them in Mcdonalds, when I went back to get them they had gone. Not Happy "
eng	negative	"Just waking up feeling really tired. Does hayfever exist outside the UK or it it a pollution thing in England. Never had it in Cyprus "
eng	negative	"just went through the Microsoft Company Store online to pre-checkout what stuff they have.. no xbox 360 premiums.. elite too costly "
eng	negative	"Just woke up an already have written some e-mail... I've to go early at University today as I have to teach at 8:30 AM! "
eng	negative	"just woke up and have a mean headache "
eng	negative	"Keeping my fingers crossed for my buddy    He is not feeling well."
eng	negative	"Kelly Clarkson CD is already in.  This is going to be a long ride to Scranton with @annibannani2 and @fakealvy. I #blamedrewscancer."
eng	negative	"kinda bummed the RedWings Pre-game show is on and i cant watch Taylor Swift's Dateline show. "
eng	negative	"l want, but I can't sleep "
eng	negative	"laid around too much today... now my head hurts "
eng	negative	"Last @ScrippsPRSSA meeting of the quarter! I'm going to miss the seniors "
eng	negative	"Last day to smoke!   Gotta drug test"0";"Bidding farewell to starbucks staff, Rudy "
eng	negative	"last nite i found out my sis in law has cirvical cancer "
eng	negative	"Late night snack, glass of OJ b/c I'm "
eng	negative	"leaves Las Vegas really soon "
eng	negative	"Leaving for London at 5PM... so many emotions!! I'm gonna miss you Jackie "
eng	negative	"leaving vegas  cant wait to come back"
eng	negative	"Lebron u fucking suck!!!!!! "
eng	negative	"LeBron was tired u can totally tell by that he only got 25 pts., his attitude, he was so TIRED!    :@ :-S  :$  :'("
eng	negative	"Like the tweetdeck for iPhone  - can't sync columns ATM tho "
eng	negative	"Line at McDonalds was too long so I can't get my sausage biscuit on "
eng	negative	"Link: Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62  http://tumblr.com/x5h25fy5j"
eng	negative	"Listening to Bjork's All is full of Love... crying "
eng	negative	"listening to harry potter soundtracks  too bad i can't see the movie the 15th of july, i'll be in england by then, back on the 19th. crap!"
eng	negative	"listening to taylor swift, her music makes me sad "
eng	negative	"Lol! watched csi today! it was the one with taylor swift!! but she died.. sad "
eng	negative	"London had to get five shots today I felt terrible were both miserable him from the shots me from my root canal "
eng	negative	"Long night! I feel terrible because I didn't eat before I went to work! Headache, muscle aches, and an all over "
eng	negative	"Looking around on the web for something to entertain me the way Facebook did... alas... nothing. "
eng	negative	"Loss it tough for fans and Lebron, yes indeed  http://tr.im/n9Cr"
eng	negative	"Lost all my Facebook data yesterday   Need to start rebuilding today."
eng	negative	"Lost my free copy of radioactive so can't put it on my ipod grr!And i can't go out + buy 'nother coz it came with that paper "
eng	negative	"LOVES her baby cousin that is losing his LONG LONG battle with brain cancer "
eng	negative	"lying in bed suffering with hayfever and a major case of holiday blues "
eng	negative	"mad because i have to watch Obama give his speech on why GM is now Obama motors while i should be watching the showcase on price is right "
eng	negative	"Mad tired today... Callin it in early tonight  nighty night twittas"
eng	negative	"magic vs lakers... I kno my baby @erik_jamaal is happy, but im so not interested in this match up. idk who I will root 4 "
eng	negative	"Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help "
eng	negative	"Man I so want mcdonalds breakfast.. "
eng	negative	"Man Work is Hard "
eng	negative	"mannn wth, I went to 2 mcdonalds both credit card systems were down! No mcdonalds for me "
eng	negative	"Matt was allowed a McDonalds. I wasnt.  So unfair! All I had was yoghart! "
eng	negative	"Maybe a long shower will make me feel better  Ugh. I fucking hate America's health care system. We need to be like England!"
eng	negative	"Maybe eating McDonalds, downing a sherbet fountain " 
eng	negative	"McDonalds can blow me, overcharging set of wankers that fucked up my order and put on extra things I didn't ask for. "
eng	negative	"Mcdonalds. Quiznos. And Starbucks. I feel fat "
eng	negative	"Mcdonaldss! And i wish i were tough enough to do MMA "
eng	negative	"Meep! @melodicworld is coming and yaaayy  but also quite nervous! :S Argh and my hayfever is properly kicking in and I don't have drugs "
eng	negative	"mhm, not having a good day  blah blah blah"
eng	negative	"Michigan who?  I don't know them.                   *sigh*   Shameful!"
eng	negative	"Missed the Taylor Swift special on NBC cause i was at work "
eng	negative	"missin' the boo "
eng	negative	"Missing My BFF  watching home and away it reminds me of her and me  we "
eng	negative	"Missing Texas hold'em poker play today.... Facebook apps down and unresponsive... "
eng	negative	"monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back.  i'm heartbroken"
eng	negative	"more depressed than you could ever imagine that I won't be going to Vegas.  I hate having to be financially responsible."
eng	negative	"MORNING!!! Good im bloody knackered!!! Work is not for me today  HELPPP!!!! xxx"
eng	negative	"Mr. iPod is sick "
eng	negative	"My #iPhones are named after horses, @brenden Seabiscuit was just retired  for Giacomo."
eng	negative	"My Arm, leg, back and stomach burns just went tan...my forehead burn however, is red and sore and now I have a headache "
eng	negative	"My bathtub drain is fired: it haz 1 job 2 do, "
eng	negative	"My bf thinks I'm weird bc I watch youtube videos of puppies and laughing babies. "
eng	negative	"My brothers-in-law tom and @rnchell spent an hour looking for breakfast in the ghetto  we failed and found an aweful mcdonalds..."
eng	negative	"My carelessness led to wiping out all contacts on my iPhone "
eng	negative	"my dog can't move anymore. praying that he will be okay "
eng	negative	"my dog has cancer. "
eng	negative	"my favorite ipod touch app USA Today crosswords is broken in 3.0 "
eng	negative	"My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle "
eng	negative	"My hard drive left seattle at 9:15.  Where oh where is my hard drive now?  Come here hard drive "
eng	negative	"My head hurts. I had a fever last night. "
eng	negative	"my headache and fever is coming back !  "
eng	negative	"my heart is broken every morning dropping Foo at pre school, now i understand when moms say "
eng	negative	"my internect is not working fine, how do i tweet to win #squarespace iphone "
eng	negative	"my iPhone i dead "
eng	negative	"My iPhone is at home!  ... I am still at work. "
eng	negative	"My iphone is dead  not johnson"
eng	negative	"My iPod touch is broken  the on/off button doesn't work!"
eng	negative	"My little man has the fever virus   "
eng	negative	"my little pinky finger hurts so much.. "
eng	negative	"My luggage weighed 49.5 lbs. Nice. Off to Colorado for a week.. Then to Seattle for a few months! Gonna miss my Daddy "
eng	negative	"My mind and body are severely protesting this "
eng	negative	"My mom might have breast cancer won't find out anything for. Like a week I'm so worried! "
eng	negative	"My ninong Mike died yesterday..  Please pray for him. Everyone's sad about that. Facebook stats.. "
eng	negative	"my sister told me that i'm don't have any fever, maybe i'm just not feeling well.. "
eng	negative	"My soarthroats and coughs have been joined by fellow fever and flue. It's like a gathering of illnesses!... Did I get struck by the H1N1? "
eng	negative	"My sticker is about to fall off.  my Breast Cancer sticker I got from Danny's party - I stuck it on my phone. "
eng	negative	"My suitcase has been with me to england, greece, italy, france, china, philippines and more, this may be its last trip "
eng	negative	"my throat is raw. "
eng	negative	"MY TWEETS ARENT GOING THROUGH "
eng	negative	"My wife took my last �20, no McDonalds breakfast for me today "
eng	negative	"My xbox just died "
eng	negative	"NASA launch scrubbed again due to hydrogen leak at the same place "
eng	negative	"Nasty budget due and my iphone is being sent to Apple today. "
eng	negative	"NEED Starbucks.....oh yeah, we don't have one!!!  "
eng	negative	"need to sleep. but cant "
eng	negative	"Needs a starbucks "
eng	negative	"never did my math hw or studied for anything else. oops. now i have to put all my songs on my ipod cause they got deleted  then bed"
eng	negative	"New iPhone 3G S still hasn't activated.  It's been almost 48 hours. "
eng	negative	"No C"
eng	negative	"No iPhone updates for me   Multiple attempts but activation server is a no go."
eng	negative	"No ipod today. Ughh "
eng	negative	"No launch. NASA sucks. Share the pain with at @Schingler @bethbeck @toddicus "
eng	negative	"No Lebron Kobe finals like we hoped for grrrr!! "
eng	negative	"no more lebron/kobe commercials? "
eng	negative	"No more orange drink at Mcdonalds  http://tinyurl.com/l2m3hb"
eng	negative	"nooo, just measured my temperature, I do have a fever  gah this sucks, i cant get sick NOW! :/"
eng	negative	"Noooooooo!!! There are clips missing on youtube "
eng	negative	"nooooooooooo dad smashed my taylor swift cd  too bad. he'll have to order it again from the US"
eng	negative	"Not feeling well and back hurts "
eng	negative	"Not happy about England being knocked out of t20 "
eng	negative	"not happy! In london and its chucking it down! "
eng	negative	"Not hayfever. Got a cold  Why now? Was looking forward to the weekend. Trying to ignore it, maybe it'll go away?"
eng	negative	"Not so good of a morning   The lakers lost"
eng	negative	"Now on park and ride bus back to my car but haven't got my Ipod today "
eng	negative	"Now the lead is 16. 4th quarter bout to start. And nother freaking kobe vs lebron commercial.  dnt seem like that's gnna happen. "
eng	negative	"O and i cant believe the freakin cavaliers lost man lebron u broke my heart "
eng	negative	"o no... my iPod is frozen... omg what shud i do???!!! I CANT LIVE WITHOUT MY MUSIC!!!   X("
eng	negative	"obama dildo is just wrong on so many levels http://tinyurl.com/cuggsh head of state "
eng	negative	"obama, why are images of rape at abu ghraib "
eng	negative	"off to work in a bit, but I'm really tired and I got hayfever "
eng	negative	"Oh - Just got all my MacHeist 3.0 apps - sweet. Didn't get the Espresso serial no though although they said they sent it - oh well "
eng	negative	"Oh Darn! the 1st game I downloaded for the PSP didn't, I had to DOWNLOAD AGAIN! "
eng	negative	"oh man my team is suffering. I dont wanna jump shit. But it maybe time! Shaq is now on the Cavs, no more Nash Shaq team up on 2k9 for me! "
eng	negative	"Oh man...was ironing @jeancjumbe's fave top to wear to a meeting. Burnt it "
eng	negative	"Oh my god, I REALLY want to go to Bondi Beach in Sydney. I'm so jealous of you people in Australia! "
eng	negative	"oh my gooooooodness!!!! the cavs down 3-1!! "
eng	negative	"Oh No - the Cavs lost game 4  Cavs are 1 loss away from triggering a nuclear event that would make the hadron look like tiddlywinks ,,"
eng	negative	"Oh nooo Demi in Seattle two days after we leave "
eng	negative	"Oh oh, Hayfever attack coming on. "
eng	negative	"Oh starbucks, I wanted a mocha and you made me a white mocha. "
eng	negative	"oh... burning up. this is not good. fever "
eng	negative	"OHHHHHHH... Headache... one of the beers yesterday was bad   Next mission: kitchen for coffee and breakfast."
eng	negative	"ok I'm sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause I was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. BED now "
eng	negative	"Ok...I had 2 come bac early from golf coz of hayfever  Anyway I was back at 4pm"0";" I wanted the cavs to win it all! Defense wins the game Cavs.... I don't like loosing and I know this is alot of pressure on Bron."
eng	negative	"Okay all alone again here at Mcdonalds and hearing all types of creepy noises! "
eng	negative	"okay"4";"Moments away of ending our 14 year wait to go back to the finals. Sorry Lebron had his chance last year. Our turn now "
eng	negative	"omF'g hayfever SUUUUCKS!!! My eyes are burnin...ouch "
eng	negative	"OMG its too HOT in  Vegas this shld be a crime "
eng	negative	"OMG my headache killing me "
eng	negative	"OMG!! I am SOOO sleepy driving 2 my clinical externship site  StarBucks...here she comes!!"
eng	negative	"OMG. I hate missing dr. Oz on Oprah. "
eng	negative	"omg. my mouth is in so much pain  i just wanna sleep untill its time to take my braces off."
eng	negative	"omg... "
eng	negative	"omg..its jst teusday "
eng	negative	"on my psp, it has skype! no mic though "
eng	negative	"On my way to shoot an interview with a NASA Astronaut, XHA1, no Letus, No HD  bah!"
eng	negative	"on the way to work. momma bear just left back for seattle  annnd studio after work to make more hits. oh the life."
eng	negative	"One more air crash  , Air France aircraft from Brazil to Paris was lost in mid Atlantic "
eng	negative	"only 3 weeks left in london "
eng	negative	"only bad thing is that I woke up with the worst hayfever that I think exists "
eng	negative	"Ooh hayfever has struck..thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone...?"
eng	negative	"Ooh snap Vegas, the real City-City @babyscratch that's where I need to be. Your in Paradise Mamma WTF am I doing in Rotterdam "
eng	negative	"oook so it might be a few days before i play on my xbox cuz I guess I broke my controller when I dropped it the other day...now im sad "
eng	negative	"Oops my iPhone said it lost connection.  Didn't mean to duplicate "
eng	negative	"ouchyyy booo  headache! going to beed right now. even when its 7:42 oouuuch"
eng	negative	"Places I want to go include Texas, New York, New Jersey, Seattle and LA. Can't they just give me the life I'd love. "
eng	negative	"Playing Call of Duty:World at War on single player because XBOX Live is down. "
eng	negative	"PLEASE does anyone have youtube links to the mtv backstage stuff, the flash upgrade nearly killed my computer   HELP!!!"
eng	negative	"please pray for halley. she is gonna have guinea pig cancer "
eng	negative	"Plurking on the PSP sucks.  It looks just like Twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/xn7cl"
eng	negative	"Poor cameron (the hills) "
eng	negative	"poor cavs  i guess theres not gonna be a 23 vs. 24"
eng	negative	"Poor Joshy is sick???   those damn tejanos!"
eng	negative	"pouring with rain in Sydney "
eng	negative	"Pretty sure I got shorted on my drink size at mcdonalds, and I didn't get a glass.  off to the theatre soon."
eng	negative	"promotion was pretty boring. im gonna miss some people.. im so fuckin sick.my head hurts and i gt a fever "
eng	negative	"PSP Go... slightly disappointing! "
eng	negative	"PSP-3000 is hacked. I always wonder why the fuck I sold mine. Oh I know. Because it was white and I thought that it was ugly for a PSP "
eng	negative	"PSP. I miss playing "
eng	negative	"Put vacation photos online a few yrs ago. PC crashed, and now I forget the name of the site. "
eng	negative	"R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... "
eng	negative	"R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... "
eng	negative	"ready for nice weather, day drinking "
eng	negative	"really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... "
eng	negative	"Really thinks that American guys are hot so why am I in England "
eng	negative	"relay for life cancer walk today, what a great cause. well, of course it was followed by some small-town drama- not cool "
eng	negative	"remember that badass lady who treated herself for breast cancer at the South Pole? she passed away  http://tinyurl.com/lfttsc"
eng	negative	"Replacing coffee with chocolate milk? No wonder morning headache still on "
eng	negative	"right about now i wish the psp had 2 shoulder buttons "
eng	negative	"RIP Lebron vs. Kobe puppet commercials...you're forever in my heart  *one lonely tear*"
eng	negative	"rt @NASA: NASA managers have decided to postpone the launch of space shuttle Endeavour due to the hydrogen leak.  // Again "
eng	negative	"Sad about Kutner being killed off my fav show House! "
eng	negative	"sad day: manu out for the season "
eng	negative	"Sad story this one  http://bit.ly/7GU8A U hav to wonder if Obama's pro-choice stance is a genuine threat to his life."
eng	negative	"sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off : sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off "
eng	negative	"sad the jonas brothers youtube account Suspended!   8("
eng	negative	"Sad to see the Kobe/Lebron puppets go... "
eng	negative	"sadly is going to bed. "
eng	negative	"Sadly though, I've never gotten to experience the post coitus cigarette before, and now I never will. "
eng	negative	"Sadly, Obama is the later "
eng	negative	"sat in bed, McFly songs still on, and playing on PSP "
eng	negative	"says gugugud evening. inis, nwawala charger ko ng PSP.  urgh. http://plurk.com/p/11vcij"
eng	negative	"says Paul Quarrington ( http://tinyurl.com/otgddd ) has just been diagnosed with lung cancer  http://plurk.com/p/xyjgf"
eng	negative	"Seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him  im sleepy"
eng	negative	"seattle weather i just don't get you "
eng	negative	"Seems jRuby support for hpricot is now two versions behind "
eng	negative	"Selena made me want to go to starbucks "
eng	negative	"Shame Ubisoft won't be showing Beyond Good "
eng	negative	"Shiner is taking up all my bed and blankets! "
eng	negative	"Shiny new white 32Gb iPhone 3G S unboxing will need to take place later due to other priorities "
eng	negative	"SHOOTING OUTSIDE MY HOUSE :O NOT KIDDING! So SCARED "
eng	negative	"Should really stop bricking his iPhone. OS 3 jailbreak seems to need restored regularly if Cydia crashes during an update. Annoying! "
eng	negative	"should've been asleep two hours ago "
eng	negative	"sick! fever-ish, flu-ish, headache-ish "
eng	negative	"sigh now to leave early to go to a wake... partner's aunt passed from same cancer I had... so sad.  why some beat it, and some don't? "
eng	negative	"Sigh..... Goodbye Cavs.  magic, please beat kobe."
eng	negative	"sisters left to england  so I'm taking her room, haha. Major cleaning to be done. Especially the bathroom."
eng	negative	"Sitting at McDonalds while JC "
eng	negative	"Sitting in starbucks wishing i had internet  stupid fredonia"
eng	negative	"Sleep time.  Tomorrow is gonna suck "
eng	negative	"Slow, unproductive day at work today. I guess I'll just try out Marvel Ultimate Alliance on PSP. "
eng	negative	"Smugness gone. My train also failed to turn up so I'm heading for Victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the City. "
eng	negative	"So ... no Lebron and Kobe matchup this year "
eng	negative	"so a murder? gotcha.  Cant believe it"
eng	negative	"so disappointed in the game ~ I thought this was Lebron's year!!!    the playoffs won't be the same for me!"
eng	negative	"So dissapointed Taylor Swift doesnt have a Twitter "
eng	negative	"so glad it isn"4";"At starbucks with my new sister  learning her new phone."
eng	negative	"So hungry   I wanna eat mcdonalds "
eng	negative	"So many channels.... yet so so boring... lazy day again  may have to find a hobby"
eng	negative	"So sad about that Air France jetliner crash!  I wonder if anyone will survive to tell their tale to Oprah "
eng	negative	"so sad my bb is dead  I want it to live again.. Vegas anyone?"
eng	negative	"So sad. It was right after I used to live in Northest Brazil. Luto. "
eng	negative	"So tired from my cancer walk  ready for bed!"
eng	negative	"some1 hacked my account on aim  now i have to make a new one"
eng	negative	"Someones alarm clock or a phone woke me up at 3am...Still got my headache from yesterday night "
eng	negative	"soo sadd  damn cavss!!"
eng	negative	"soooo tired "
eng	negative	"sorry about lack of tweets i have hayfever and it sucks "
eng	negative	"sorry. something's getting my facebook stuff and tweeting it. "
eng	negative	"Southend Tommorow Supporting People At The Race For Life Marathon. My Cousin "
eng	negative	"Splitting headache. Seriously. It feels like the left side of my head is going to fall off. (At this point, I kind-of wish it would.)   "
eng	negative	"spring break in plain city... it's snowing "
eng	negative	"Starbucks then schooll (: last Monday of middle school! "
eng	negative	"Starbucks: latte. Then back to bed.  saddddddd weeek so far."
eng	negative	"Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game! "
eng	negative	"Still 3 more days until my Internet gets uncapped "
eng	negative	"Still doing my homework!!! "
eng	negative	"still has a killer headache. I thought it would be gone by now. "
eng	negative	"still hav d headache though "
eng	negative	"Still mulling over the #lionhead demo from #xboxe3, smells like skynet “
eng	negative	"Still on youtube and board "
eng	negative	"still sick. feeling a bit better, got some new medicine.... hope I feel good after a night of sleep. ohh, and it's suppose to snow! WTF! "
eng	negative	"still trying for that iphone from #squarespace... forgot about it over the weekend "
eng	negative	"Stressed.... Headache..... Stressed "
eng	negative	"Strider is a sick little puppy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5248435"
eng	negative	"Struggling hard with Inventory "
eng	negative	"struggling with eam law "
eng	negative	"stuck at home "
eng	negative	"Studying history in Starbucks  So cold and nervous."
eng	negative	"stupid arranged marriages... i'll convert so you can marry me...love you! "
eng	negative	"stupid movies we watched... mirrors ugggggh... stooopeeed!!! rip off! "
eng	negative	"Su yin Huen tweeted I feel unbearable guilt. I made my staff cry  http://tinyurl.com/cw2l9t"
eng	negative	"Sucks to be me having exactly 0GB left on my iphone. I want new apps!  time to live through Abbie, then, I guess"
eng	negative	"suddenly realized i do not know where my taylor swift love bracelet is and am very sad about it        where oh where could it be...."
eng	negative	"Superneej: Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB.... "
eng	negative	"Sure wish my facebook wasn't suspended "
eng	negative	"Taking care of my lil boy who is sick with a fever "
eng	negative	"taylor swift..... where are you. i have been looking on ticket master everyday for your concerts.. but your like enver comign to toronto! "
eng	negative	"teary-eyed, hoping my cousin will find the strength to stay alive from cancer.. "
eng	negative	"Tennis time   Helloooo skin cancer."
eng	negative	"Terrible news: Air France flight from Brazil with 228 people has been lost at sea: http://tr.im/AFcrash I took that flight 3 years ago "
eng	negative	"TGIF! it's been a long long first week back at work. Wish I were on line for the new iPhone  #squarespace #unc.. http://tinyurl.com/muu2rr"
eng	negative	"thanks fanny for your updates haha i should be in bed asleep but have been distracted by facebook/twitter yet again "
eng	negative	"Thanks for bursting my bubble "
eng	negative	"The cavs lost   i am devastated! farmgirl@"
eng	negative	"the fucking mcdonalds lady made my drink wrong. ugh now to suffer without coffee. "
eng	negative	"The iPhone 3GS does not successfully repel fingerprints or smudges. I should have gotten a guard. "
eng	negative	"The Magics are not having it...gosh Lebron! "
eng	negative	"The McDonalds drivethrough kid REALLY wants to be hardcore. How unfortunate. "
eng	negative	"The new PSP looks crap!  Such a disappointment after the conceot pics that were floating around "
eng	negative	"the news SHOULD have been that Shaq "
eng	negative	"The people here in Argentina say Obama will be the next JFK....  it is very bad but is the sad truth...."
eng	negative	"The PSP lineup for '09 is looking pretty solid, i might have to pick one up... But the Go is too far away "
eng	negative	"the sky is green, raining hard, and lightening flashing every 3 seconds.  I wanna be back in Seattle where rain is not life threatening "
eng	negative	"The Super Red Diva !!!  Stupid University "
eng	negative	"there was a guy who was coming to orange from sydney. stopped in penrith andd got hit by a fucking car. "
eng	negative	"There's an inch of snow on the ground (and counting). I'm worried about the poor flowers "
eng	negative	"There's no Lebron on tonight.  What the hell am I supposed to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "
eng	negative	"they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now i'm upset "
eng	negative	"Think I figured out my Xbox Live auto sign-in problem...but Live is down so I can't test it   Don't really want to broadcast my SSID tho."
eng	negative	"Think I'm going to bed. Goodniight. I hate this "
eng	negative	"Think I've got hayfever "
eng	negative	"thinks: ceiling lights + ceiling fan = bad = flickering shadows = headache "
eng	negative	"this army called pollen is trying to kill me  my hayfever is sooooo bad helppppp! lol"
eng	negative	"this ipod shuffle is not very shuffley "
eng	negative	"this is now two in the row - burnt starbucks coffeee   #burntcoffee"
eng	negative	"This is wario, I wish there is wario land game in PSP  , I miss this game, last time I played it was wi... - Photo: http://bkite.com/06H8T"
eng	negative	"this week is not going as i had hoped "
eng	negative	"Tired at work with headache  7 more hours to go...oh and getting up at 530 am tommorrow...good times"
eng	negative	"today sucked. I'm gonna die without chris and callum!  wahhh!"
eng	negative	"Tomorrow is celebrity day. I was going to be taylor swift. A dress and cowboy boots. But i have a field trip "
eng	negative	"Tonight  bron bron could go home  im of course praying for the miricle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!"
eng	negative	"Tons of problems downloading os 3.0  had to restore iphone hopefully i didnt loose anything."
eng	negative	"Too many people at the starbucks drive thru!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh! I guess coffee from the grungy old office coffee pot it is "
eng	negative	"Too worked up and excited. Must focus on a theoretical proposal on a stem-cell based pancreatic cancer therapy. Pancreatic cancer sucks "
eng	negative	"Took pics of my car for sale, starbucks and gonna go see up ..all alone because everybody is 9-5 "
eng	negative	"tried to upload 130 pics thru iPhone flickit app. Epic fail... "
eng	negative	"Trimmed the fat on Safari Sketch . . . runs on the iPhone . . . slowly  . . . time to optimize draw calls."
eng	negative	"trying to accept the fact that I cannot walk the Weekend To End Breast Cancer this year   This is a hard reality for me..."
eng	negative	"Trying to download iPhone 3.0 but it ain't happening!! "
eng	negative	"trying to get my iPod to work "
eng	negative	"Trying to set up Xbox Live and failing tremendously...brain ache "
eng	negative	"Tula's sick! Nausious, Nasal congestion, headache, bodyaches and my nose is running a marathon. Theraflu please help "
eng	negative	"Twitter sucks, I'm only on here to follow Ellen, Oprah and Shane  so I dont follow me because i'm never on here"
eng	negative	"Ugh i remember why i never eat mcdonalds anymore... Because cancer tastes horrible! "
eng	negative	"ugh just had mcdonalds..yuck! need to work out! now likin the miserable rain outside   boo hoo."
eng	negative	"ugh ran to mcdonalds.. so hungry. no time to eat "
eng	negative	"ugh! I feel like a train wreck..I swear I didn't do an all nighter... but i do feel like I did. Starbucks here I come. "
eng	negative	"Ugh.  Las #vegas airport is at a "
eng	negative	"ugh. cant sleep. its 1:30am. "
eng	negative	"ughhhhhhh YouTube "
eng	negative	"uh oh, Dr. Phil just made me cry and it looks like Oprah is going to do the same "
eng	negative	"Uhmmm #squarespace I need an iPhone please "
eng	negative	"Up early. Sad about lebron "
eng	negative	"Up for DMB, dr., then slept all day. Have a fever, no big deal, but Dad couldn't come down tonight.  Here's hoping for next weekend!"
eng	negative	"Up holding Rae. She just threw up all over me "
eng	negative	"Urgh damn hayfever  my eyes are soooo itchy.  *rubs eye madly*"
eng	negative	"us govt secrets - obama's non-transparency - eff drop charges   -national security excuse - http://www.eff.org/press/archives/2009/06/17"
eng	negative	"Vegas at 8:00am! A little bummed gonna miss bobo "
eng	negative	"Very sad about Farrah Fawcett  People shouldn't have to die from cancer anymore, let's please find a cure!! :-/"
eng	negative	"very sad after cavs loss "
eng	negative	"Very upsetting day today...... Found out my Boxer has cancer    I wish dogs could live as long as humans"
eng	negative	"waaa disconnected ako sa gmail. dad's chatting with me pa naman. nasa canada kasi siya ngayon.  http://plurk.com/p/xbwaf"
eng	negative	"Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry! "
eng	negative	"Waiting at the airport for my ride while I get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. Why me?!  I just want to sleep.."
eng	negative	"Waiting for him. Hopefully he gets on facebook soon. Something is wrong though, some people can't write on my wall. Hope it's fixed soon. "
eng	negative	"waiting for taylor swift to follow me so i could message her...wish she would but im sure she wont  i want to talk to her soooooo bad"
eng	negative	"Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p"
eng	negative	"Want to apologize to Facebook friends who don't want Tiller coverage. Can't seem to break the TwitSync function. Sorry. "
eng	negative	"wants an Xbox 360.  http://plurk.com/p/yzkzb"
eng	negative	"Wants to be at home. I am hot, bad headache and still have to get my shots "
eng	negative	"wants to go back to Texas.  They don't have hot and spicy chicken sandwiches or styrofoam cups at McDonalds here!  "
eng	negative	"Was gonna play Guitar Hero with Prince Charming on Xbox Live, but buttface dad said 'no'. "
eng	negative	"Was intending to finish editing my 536-page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. And only 12 pages are left "
eng	negative	"Was Lovely This Morning Now It Looks Misserble  This Stuiped Weather Lol Wants A StarBucks Hot Choclate (Y)"
eng	negative	"Watchin the poor cavs "
eng	negative	"watching all kinds of highlights of Lakers celebrating... blegh! "
eng	negative	"watching grey's anatomy makes me cry because i miss seattle "
eng	negative	"watching old videos of dance team and such... makes me miss it  "
eng	negative	"watching Taylor Swift videos from YouTube on my phone.. ain't got shit to do "
eng	negative	"Watching the Cavs game, I was looking for a game 7, but I guess not "
eng	negative	"watching the cavs get their butts kicked by orlando "
eng	negative	"Watching the game on YouTube.  they need to come out with their DVD series already. Fuckin havin to wait for this shit to load lol"
eng	negative	"watching uruguay-brazil.. we need a miracle... "
eng	negative	"way sunburned, if i ever get skin cancer i will credit pool volleyball "
eng	negative	"Weather in North London is struggling to make its mind up"0";"cavs lost   But we will come back!!!"
eng	negative	"wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!! "
eng	negative	"Wee man is away to Englandshire with Gran and Grandad. That'll be me lost for the rest of the week. "
eng	negative	"well the pc in my living room suffered a fatal partion lost, all my itunes library is gone.. and some docs with pics.... "
eng	negative	"Well there goes my hope of seeing a lebron-kobe faceoff in the finals... Good riddance "
eng	negative	"Well, that sucked. "
eng	negative	"Welll tommorow saying goodbye to Thompspon  RIP"
eng	negative	"Went out for just one hour in the sun yesterday..got sever headache the whole day "
eng	negative	"What tragedy and disaster in the news this week "
eng	negative	"What.. AM I DOING!?  Well.. I am currently upset that Xbox Live is down "
eng	negative	"what's wrong with LeBron James? "
eng	negative	"Whats the weather doing in Wimbledon (London)? I see there is tennis action at 3.30 on BBC2 Don't say it's raining there too "
eng	negative	"Whelp! So long Cavs "
eng	negative	"When ever I wear a headband I end up with a headache "
eng	negative	"When i get too hott i get a headache, being allergic to heat sucks. No tanning for amanda anymore "
eng	negative	"where the hell is my damn picture messaging for my Iphone?! "
eng	negative	"Where's DotP for the PS3?  I can't afford an XBOX360 "
eng	negative	"Who invented hayfever? "
eng	negative	"Why do I have to be at work on what is probably going to be the nicest day of the year in Seattle "
eng	negative	"why do i wake up at 7 oclock in vegas? also, details of the middle of my day are missing "
eng	negative	"Why do my @replies show up Facebook? Also, why has my evernote crashed "
eng	negative	"Why does it ALWAYS rain in England even when its supposed to be Summer? "
eng	negative	"why is it always the fat ones?! "
eng	negative	"Why is my PSP always dead when I want to use it? "
eng	negative	"why is Project Gotham Racing for XBOX only "
eng	negative	"Why is that when you have time off from work you get sick? "
eng	negative	"Why oh why do I watch Oprah? Every time I do I cry. OMG these great dads are...great! This will be another tough weekend for us  #fb"
eng	negative	"Why oh why was the Red Sox game rained out? I was so looking forward to opening day "
eng	negative	"why this headache still here??? "
eng	negative	"whywhywhy do Rookie Of The Year not come to England  someone send them lots of money so I can see them..."
eng	negative	"Wishes his xbox gets error 74 nd then he can send his xbox to germany to get it fixed for free rather than 2 red lighting all the time "
eng	negative	"Wishes I was on the Spring Fling Tour with Dawn "
eng	negative	"Wishing i had gotten off my butt to try to see Obama today...Draggin` @ work...I didnt have pancakes "
eng	negative	"wishing i was home underneath my covers "
eng	negative	"Wishing the Cavs were in the NBA Finals...we just can't let it go "
eng	negative	"Wishs Xbox Live Whould Work "
eng	negative	"With the way this damn game is going, we just might see LeBron in a Knicks Jersey next year "
eng	negative	"woke up with headache, going to sleep with headache. "
eng	negative	"wondering where iPod cable has vanished to...Wanted to add music but stymied. Bother. It has a safe place, "
eng	negative	"Work laptop is officially dead .. Not happy at all.. "
eng	negative	"worked on 5 bone marrow cases today! All + for cancer! "
eng	negative	"Working AGAIN today!  I haven't had a day off in over a week...I'm so sick of starbucks"
eng	negative	"Worried about my friends who had a break-in-- 2 laptops stolen, nothing else. iPod Nano was left on the dining table. Data backed up, but "
eng	negative	"worried about my kitty Ashes, think he has a fever  keeps sneezing and he feels hott..."
eng	negative	"worst $3.75 spent . the put no love into my frappuchino  ! lol ftw your not suppose to make extra stops on my trip to starbucks."
eng	negative	"Wow, PSP Go revealed in Qore. Not too impressed. "
eng	negative	"wow, wife's weds surgery w/complications.  grandpa passed away today.  now 5yr old is running fever. can I get a do-over for this week? "
eng	negative	"Wow. The most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that you've created in a matter of seconds.  #FML"
eng	negative	"wow. worst headache in months. someone make it stop. "
eng	negative	"wow... all i wanted to do is see taylor swift but of course shes sold out! "
eng	negative	"Wrote exactly three lines of dialogue tonight, then gave up. "
eng	negative	"WTF Not Kutner!  Oh I'm so pissed @ House.  I mean really WTF   "
eng	negative	"www.ink-guard.com @songzyuuup crying over the cavs loss  and drawing up my next tattoo....: @.. http://bit.ly/u6brY"
eng	negative	"Xbox 360 RROD'd - again!  Two times already, damn you Micro$oft.  "
eng	negative	"xbox live is down  no netflix, damn you MS"
eng	negative	"Xbox live is down "
eng	negative	"Xbox Live is down for 24 hours.. lame. "
eng	negative	"XBOX Live is down today  No Weeds Season five from Netflix"
eng	negative	"Xbox live is down today.  "
eng	negative	"xbox live is Down? "
eng	negative	"XBox Live still down "
eng	negative	"Xbox Live will be down in about 1 hour... sadface  lol"
eng	negative	"xboxmafiya its cool, I let my hopes get 2 high thinkin he was gunna make it to my graduation  so im kinda bummed."
eng	negative	"xboxtweet not working again "
eng	negative	"Y is kearth 101 riddled with cancer commercials? Kinda depressing "
eng	negative	"yea it is so quiet around here cuz everyone has to work im bored to death with nobody to talk to "
eng	negative	"Yesterday i was told @cesarmillan was fulla shit.. Even @OPrah is suing.. I just cant bring myself to believe yet..  "
eng	negative	"yo f*ck this game! CAVS done pissed me off for the night. finna write some music and go get intoxicated at the club "
eng	negative	"You are what you eat, and it's been years since I've been McDonalds...huge headache this am "
eng	negative	"You belong with me. - taylor swift. So true...  "
eng	negative	"You can call me a HATER but..... The CAVS SUCK! "
eng	negative	"Youtube is being as sporadic as twitter right about now. "
eng	negative	”@RubyRose1 awww wish i could go! but its in sydney "
eng	negative	”laying in bed with no voice.. "
eng	negative	0";"@mglickman that reminds me of a bit howard stern did back in the day about oprah eating a lot.  i wish i could find it on the net. "
eng	negative	"hopeless for tmr :("
eng	negative	"Everything in the kids section of IKEA is so cute. Shame I'm nearly 19 in 2 months :("
eng	negative	"@Hegelbon That heart sliding into the waste basket. :("
eng	negative	"“@ketchBurning: I hate Japanese call him "bani" :( :(”  Me too"
eng	negative	"Dang starting next week I have "work" :("
eng	negative	"oh god, my babies' faces :( https://t.co/9fcwGvaki0"
eng	negative	"@RileyMcDonough make me smile :(("
eng	negative	"@f0ggstar @stuartthull work neighbour on motors. Asked why and he said hates the updates on search :( http://t.co/XvmTUikWln"
eng	negative	"why?:("@tahuodyy: sialan:( https://t.co/Hv1i0xcrL2""
eng	negative	"Athabasca glacier was there in #1948 :-( #athabasca #glacier #jasper #jaspernationalpark #alberta #explorealberta #… http://t.co/dZZdqmf7Cz"
eng	negative	"I have a really good m&amp;g idea but I'm never going to meet them :((("
eng	negative	"@Rampageinthebox mare ivan :("
eng	negative	"@SophiaMascardo happy trip, keep safe. see you soon :* :("
eng	negative	"I'm so tired hahahah :("
eng	negative	"@GrumpyCockney With knee replacements they get you up &amp; about the same day. :-(   Ouch."
eng	negative	"relate to the "sweet n' sour" kind of "bi-polar" people in your life... cuz my life... is FULL of them... :("
eng	negative	"@aysegul_k pleasse :("
eng	negative	"@SexyKalamo im not sure tho :("
eng	negative	"I feel stupid I just can't seem to grasp the basics of digital painting and nothing I've been researching is helping any :("
eng	negative	"Good Lord. :( https://t.co/nC9LkYUUvO"
eng	negative	"I feel lonely someone talk to me guys and girls :(  @TheOnlyRazzYT @imarieuda @EiroZPegasus @AMYSQUEE @UdotV"
eng	negative	"No Assignment, but we have Project. :( really? 😩"
eng	negative	"just want to play video games/watch movies with someone :("
eng	negative	"choreographing is hard : ("
eng	negative	"@xo_raaaaayyy_xo what the email link? Still says that it's no longer available :( http://t.co/iuiaIOynnx"
eng	negative	"cries bc i miss mingming so much :-("
eng	negative	"Sorry :( https://t.co/Q5TAYjrQ8K"
eng	negative	"@Giannivnni mom so far away :("
eng	negative	"We're truly sorry @chrisbrown :( have a safe flight."
eng	negative	"and my friends :("
eng	negative	"@bbygjrlmgc oh :( i hate when that happens i get so sad over it too"
eng	negative	"Oh. Dog has pee’d in my @Kneewax bag.  :-(   So I can’t take it to #NewWine15"
eng	negative	"@YM_Dish98 doushite :( ?"
eng	negative	"@Charliescoco @reeceftcharliie @SimonCowell too late :("
eng	negative	"It sucks so much been sick i was plan to start work on my first gundam to night but nope. :("
eng	negative	"MY $$$$2 DOLLAR :( 😭😭😭😭😭😭 http://t.co/oI0pYGUsDi"
eng	negative	"@martylog Listening back to old @DaveGorman shows (I know, I'm weird). Just got to u leaving: might give up. It was pale imitation after :-("
eng	negative	"i went in the sea and now have a massive fucking rash all over my body and it's the most painful thing ever i want to go home :(("
eng	negative	"@dethronedlwt hi. Why are you absent? :("
eng	negative	"My Gran tho !!! She knew but didn't care to tell me :(("
eng	negative	"@rowysoIjp SAME IT'S SO CUTE I LOVE IT SO MUCH I WISH THERE WOULD BE A SEQUEL :("
eng	negative	"@imallyssagail busy sa school :( next time love yah! xx"
eng	negative	"Ouucchhh one of my wisdom teeth are coming through :("
eng	negative	"@StevenLDN frightening case. It really gets to you :("
eng	negative	"pret :(( wkwkw"@WLK_Jhope: Verfied @WLK_Hyemi91 be active, don't forget to follow all member. Thanks for join. Goodbye""
eng	negative	"You´ve got me in chains for your love :´( — a sentir-se incompleta"
eng	negative	"it's okay.. but.. :(("
eng	negative	"@njhftbiebs why didn't you go on Wednesday :("
eng	negative	"@radicalj  Marvellous - not. How very thwarting :-("
eng	negative	"@ceeels95 Awh what's the chances 😩 when u off to Zante? We need to do something :-( x"
eng	negative	"@s0ulfl0wr When's your birthday ? :("
eng	negative	"@brittleyouth @Tom_J_Allen @AndrewFairbairn @batemanesque @Hegelbon @jameswheeler that was the worst part and I still feel bad about it :("
eng	negative	"audraesar: All these sushi pics on my tl are driving me craaaazzyy :("
eng	negative	"Really want this :( http://t.co/36tSy81iMi"
eng	negative	"Popped like a helium balloon..  :-("
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange #CC California's powerful and influential air pollution watchdog.: Califor... http://t.co/OVU4p2qWfH #UniteBlue #Tcot :-("
eng	negative	"@itsNotMirna I was so sad because Elhaida was robbed by the juries :( she came 10th in the televoting"
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange #CC Idaho will not restrict fishing despite regional drought-linked die-of... http://t.co/jJboDo6LYZ #UniteBlue #Tcot :-("
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange #CC Abrupt climate change may have doomed mammoths and other megafauna, sc... http://t.co/taVMCz37E7 #UniteBlue #Tcot :-("
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange #CC Australia's 'dirtiest' power station considers 'clean energy' biomass ... http://t.co/YeQABq6tsL #UniteBlue #Tcot :-("
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange #CC It ain't easy being green if you're a golf course in California.: Ulti... http://t.co/La82RXzTs2 #UniteBlue #Tcot :-("
eng	negative	"@Mess0019 Well I am sure your work day is over before mine :("
eng	negative	"@keikopotato IM GONNA MISS U SEXY PREXY :((((((((("
eng	negative	"i miss my kindergarten kids :("
eng	negative	"HUNGRY :-("
eng	negative	"cant find the only book that keeps me sane :(("
eng	negative	"Literally there are three lounge events why :-( So much turn up I'm sad"
eng	negative	"@carliot23 Miss you Boss :("
eng	negative	"I love hozier :-("
eng	negative	"@IzzyTailford that's true, I just want it soooooooner :("
eng	negative	"Ahh Fam @MeekMill :( #RespectLost http://t.co/NT25MYnGYd"
eng	negative	"@shokako1104 I'm sorry :( ! What is hypercholesteloremia ? Are you ok ?"
eng	negative	"Baby still looks tired :("
eng	negative	"Can someone gift me calibraska :("
eng	negative	"@Rico_Shabbir the massive shame about it is we would actually be genuine contenders but it won't happen :("
eng	negative	"My head always hurts if I stay up late lmao :("
eng	negative	"@ErnestLozoya how are u older than me :("
eng	negative	"Backed out :("
eng	negative	"u sound upset :( https://t.co/JZBFBKld8Q"
eng	negative	"So much misses :-( https://t.co/pn2HvGdnFT"
eng	negative	"I MISS INFINITE :-("
eng	negative	"@DiscoQing AoS doesn't do it for me but I don't want to stick with 8th either. :("
eng	negative	"@madrigalandreaa its too much  serious yun eh :("
eng	negative	"My room is way too hot :-("
eng	negative	"I still havent found my Handsome Jack drawing :(((("
eng	negative	"@twcxmina shit :("
eng	negative	"But cut encore :(((( #bad4thwin"
eng	negative	"I wish I had my own Baymax :("
eng	negative	"Sick :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix French mixers miss you so much :( 💜"
eng	negative	"Wft.. can't watch the awesome replay!! :-( https://t.co/ChzrqtelPh"
eng	negative	"@Viiiiiiiiev what happened?? :((("
eng	negative	"Party promotions are over :("
eng	negative	"Music bank encore always so short :("
eng	negative	"BABY BOY :(((("
eng	negative	"@flipkartsupport my order has been received at the hub nearest but doesn't look like it will be delivered today :( (1/2)"
eng	negative	"Why is my mum playing music out loud :("
eng	negative	"The finale of Parasyte fucked my feelings alllllll the way up :("
eng	negative	"i wish :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Good bye Party era :("
eng	negative	"@amedefu Me  too。。。_:(´ω`」 ∠):_"
eng	negative	"@Concept_Nathan nathann💕 I never got a chance to take a pic with you :( got a hug tho! Pic next time I see you?😊"
eng	negative	"some girl came up to me and was like "you are so beautiful :-(" I want to dieididieieiei she's so cute"
eng	negative	"Party goodbye stage :( but this means Hello to Lion Heart and You Think"
eng	negative	"@MsDanneh @Obey_Ervin15 Tell her to screw herself. I'm gonna have a netflix and chill on my own. Y u do dis ervin :("
eng	negative	"@subharrie ohh no :(( and yeah i hope she comes back soon too"
eng	negative	"@MadniTahir I am. I've accepted the offer..but im desperate to take the year out.   :("
eng	negative	"Come back :("
eng	negative	"Snapchat me - AmargoLonnard #snapchat #snapchat #kikhorny #snapme #tagsforlikes #batalladelosgallos #webcamsex :( http://t.co/3S9LHaFrsU"
eng	negative	"UGH I CANT STREAM TMR I HAVE DUTY :("
eng	negative	"@madrigalandreaa u've gone too far :("
eng	negative	"@uhhAileeny What about her alien thing :((("
eng	negative	"@Ni_All_Is_Bae aww I don't really wanna get my hopes up but I wish that he would :(("
eng	negative	"@malikm0ney sorka no :(("
eng	negative	"@fxnno_ i knew u would be sad :( were having a funeral i was gonna text u but i have no phone"
eng	negative	"Sunny :( i feel so bad.... http://t.co/17tca0uhKp"
eng	negative	"So nonexistent wowza :("
eng	negative	"@izgzb @aishahyussofff back off fah she's mine :-("
eng	negative	"@DIMPLEDJAI taylor why did you crop yourself out :((((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"@nickjdrake Boo on both counts :-("
eng	negative	"new guitar :("
eng	negative	"@PinkCloud_RP so when will i get my jonghyun hyung? :( please predict it :("
eng	negative	"I hope SJ will be nominated soon but no SJ vs INFINITE pls :((((("
eng	negative	"Yeah dudes, keep calm and brace yourselves :-( https://t.co/ZnOjT3v9Gq"
eng	negative	"@Mr_FRML sir plus 4 please :(("
eng	negative	"THEY LOOKED SO SHOCK OMGGGG :((( YALL DESERVE IT :(((("
eng	negative	"Whenever I would spend the night we would smoke and watch a movie but he would always end up falling asleep on me :("
eng	negative	"We were 1 point close to grand finals! :( whyyy"
eng	negative	"@muhammadskates :( that's a long time"
eng	negative	"@evanquick Oh, that must be so annoying Evan :( Do the texts give the option to opt out?"
eng	negative	"Who's doing giveaways for muster goods? :( or any merchs"
eng	negative	"@wendyykid ah too bad :("
eng	negative	"People are looking at me funny because I'm drinking savanna with a straw :("
eng	negative	"Good bye stage :(((("
eng	negative	"@ameliahartin AND WHY DID YOU IGNORE ME YESTER AFTERNOON :("
eng	negative	"I can't sleep :( someone talk to me"
eng	negative	"yeah :("
eng	negative	"@_Birexus yes sadly :(."
eng	negative	"@ClaireClaire05 Very :("
eng	negative	"@The_Strypes whens the album coming? :("
eng	negative	"The last of my chocolate has been consumed. :("
eng	negative	"ugh i have werk in the morning too :-("
eng	negative	"@Deedee_50Fly foreals :( a wesen uwesiti mj 😂😩"
eng	negative	"@crazynovely I will if I catch him online long enough - haha!  He's being very annoying!!  :("
eng	negative	"Bosen :("
eng	negative	"Dying for some egg benny :("
eng	negative	"@Michael5SOS Sometimes I hate you :(("
eng	negative	"@Mark23Baracael baby followback huhu :("
eng	negative	"@fkluca but no ones as cute as u so :("
eng	negative	"@Tinkkza You're gonna watch this shit and understand how badly you scared me! &gt;:( https://t.co/YcGudITQgx"
eng	negative	"I miss Al, Katie, Zaz and Amy a lot :(("
eng	negative	"I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/2JcBiswDW9 More subs plz :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix @SonyMusicNL Can u make a diary while you're all there please :(("
eng	negative	"@neikmat Sorry :("
eng	negative	"@twyodor @gkjohn :-( I don't read most of these rehash websites that have mushroomed. A good piece may be by exception &amp; reaches one anyway."
eng	negative	"@daddyksoo and yes its been a while vicky omg :-((((("
eng	negative	"@megsyfoxie WTF LIKE YOUR LIPS STILL A VIRGIN OMG MOM GET A LIFE YOURE 45   Hahah : ("
eng	negative	"@pastelwolfxx @CHA_NNNNN niNASTY tsktsk oppa wont like u call his dick kawaii he is manly &gt;:( http://t.co/83cUgt7qQ3"
eng	negative	"So Lonely :( http://t.co/VM4N0n8Bkw"
eng	negative	"can't go back to sleep :(("
eng	negative	"i wanna go on xbox for netflix but am already too comfy in bed :("
eng	negative	"@baileymac02 miss youu :("
eng	negative	"sigh i feel bad for our girls :("
eng	negative	"@oH_So_EhmTee lol! I love sweet potato fries :("
eng	negative	"@_Birexus guess y'all ugly asf HUH :("
eng	negative	"@Dsitando eish ive been quit i know...i lost my twitter mojo shame...n i dont know how to get it back :( mara im sure you can help me neh"
eng	negative	"aww i've got a fever :( but #bad4thwin &lt;3"
eng	negative	"Poor bb :("
eng	negative	"@UrsulaWJ @OwenWinterMYP I'm not able to go! :( It's the Association of Green Councillors conference this weekend..."
eng	negative	"My skype account is out of order. I think it's been hacked. So if you were in my contacts I'm sorry :( I'm creating a new one soon."
eng	negative	"@selenagomez i miss your tweet spree oh :("
eng	negative	"Yes na! As sholong reject my proposal :( "@elzzika: Gee U don fly go gidi? "@Gatlinho: The way i'm being pampered in this lagos ehn...."""
eng	negative	"@isxbe i guess im arresting my girlfriend :(("
eng	negative	"@prophdog_ @attepate hes such a nice person idk why anybody would say that to him :("
eng	negative	"You know when a song just disappears from your phone and iTunes? I've lost Dazed and Confused :("
eng	negative	"FEVER. :-("
eng	negative	""Do you think they survived???" "Well, they did find all the missing bodies in fragments, so no. But it would've been nice if they did." :("
eng	negative	"@DareToAttar im being forced to go :-("
eng	negative	"Horrible weather to be going to work in :("
eng	negative	"@okayshesaid wish that both of us could change this :("
eng	negative	"walao kbs never show encore :("
eng	negative	"Sending. Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :("
eng	negative	"Being ill is the worst :((("
eng	negative	"its not the same. :((((("
eng	negative	"Hope #DJDerek is found safe &amp; well had many fun times at his gigs, absolute legend :("
eng	negative	"@qtbatooty_ yeah and it's like why do you need to wait till saturday to give us homework pa :((((((( WHAT IF U MADE PLANS 4 DA WEEKEND????"
eng	negative	"Greek Tragedy is such a cute song :(((("
eng	negative	"@bammyxoxo @stffnkthx @breeyanuh16 same :("
eng	negative	"Raining on me today :(   Gym it is then 💪🏻🐒"
eng	negative	"@cutelilawley whats wrong? :("
eng	negative	"Oh god!!! I'm strucked by the pain... Cant take it anymore!!! :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix come to Belgium :("
eng	negative	"Fabian Delph has fallen :( @BLUEARMY_IND @MCFC"
eng	negative	"@rosicky1987 WHERE U BEEN HIDING BABY :(("
eng	negative	"I'm draking silently so they can't hear it :("
eng	negative	"Rest in peace mo :("
eng	negative	"@MHSScho not much chance of game tonight :( #t20blast"
eng	negative	"@OL_EYY ahhh u see? U wouldn't wake up :("
eng	negative	"Mumma! Im on 7% :( @LMCDark_Angel"
eng	negative	"@sarahhardman8 I hope so :("
eng	negative	"I'm gonna be dead tomorrow :(:"
eng	negative	"@_Dedox :( I'll do high you do low"
eng	negative	"@hanbined sad pray for me :((("
eng	negative	"@BritishSignBSL how very appropriate! :("
eng	negative	"@RedsOrDead poor him. . . :("
eng	negative	"I'm still awake :("
eng	negative	"woke upp now i cant sleep :("
eng	negative	"No one is up to help me :("
eng	negative	"@curlsharryxoxo i don't know :(( just be happy for him :("
eng	negative	"@blvsamx hi, can you do me some dms with luke please ?:("
eng	negative	"@KanchuDarling @VidyutJammwal hey babe i just came across this pic..what is this about? I cant read hindi :("
eng	negative	"their reactions :((((("
eng	negative	"@junghoseoks 5s :( i think it's bc im running out of space tbh"
eng	negative	"@rustyrockets I wish I could come and see you but on Disability pension with PTSD makes it impossible both physically and financially :("
eng	negative	"Why does it have to rain :("
eng	negative	"@Foooer_Hungary @FoooerSG nooo why they broke up!!! They were soo amazing togheter!! :("
eng	negative	"@MystikGunn suck for me which mean I have to watch you play it around 1 p.m. my time :("
eng	negative	"Don't be like that :(  https://t.co/gaWf0bsr6A"
eng	negative	"@derekklahn You cant hold another week? September 21st. :-(("
eng	negative	"why they cut the encore i wanna see snsd infinite interaction :("
eng	negative	"i miss watching anna akana videos :("
eng	negative	"@tokyato askip t'existes pas :("
eng	negative	"@9_Moore Sadly not :( - the channel owner decides which regions it broadcasts to. Thanks, Kei. Please rate our se... https://t.co/EzfeHMTT5S"
eng	negative	"i dont think @camerondallas  or @JackAndJackReal  will ever notice me :( I STILL EXIST"
eng	negative	"The traffic is terrible :("
eng	negative	"@joaannelopez I've been eyeing on a small kate spade bag too! Pero walang maganda :("
eng	negative	"@mermaid_bl00d haha aw, I miss you too! Haven't seen you for agessss :((("
eng	negative	"@energybiebers Sigh... :("
eng	negative	"Add me on Snapchat - CorineHurleigh #snapchat #snapchatme #instagram #addmeonsnapchat #sfs #quote #kiksexting :( http://t.co/8bk7ptaqaR"
eng	negative	"I have no bum in Zara trousers :("
eng	negative	"All these sushi pics on my tl are driving me craaaazzyy :("
eng	negative	"My after effects not spanish :("
eng	negative	"Aww the poor thing :( Hope it'okay and in good health. luckely it has been freed from those Rocks #orcalove https://t.co/tOSZMOafv6"
eng	negative	"@Techverse_in first i tried this http://t.co/XTSzpi9fQW but no result :("
eng	negative	"I want my braces back! :("
eng	negative	"I need a big cuddle from Lew and kisses on my face :(((( I don't want to go through this again"
eng	negative	"@xcrazy90skidx @kowtsnatinito @_patnicolexx ems haha :("
eng	negative	"Craving for Banana Crumble McFlurry and Fries :("
eng	negative	"We're not going on the cable cars now because my brother got scared and doesn't want to :((("
eng	negative	"i miss hello venus's old concepts tbh i rly like do you want some tea :("
eng	negative	"tagal :("
eng	negative	"We've lost in album and broadcast points :( http://t.co/QDSVS5Q9SR"
eng	negative	"i have this awful appointment tomorrow and i'd like to feel OK going in to it, since I won't be after it &gt;:("
eng	negative	"This sucks I want to go home :("
eng	negative	"There's no milk left for my cereal :("
eng	negative	"@shahrukh9899 @IamMansoorKhan Huh :( yes"
eng	negative	"we lost at the album and broadcast :(((("
eng	negative	"So sad :( http://t.co/fVV9Y3WX2o via @EvokeToday"
eng	negative	"Everything and all :("
eng	negative	"@RealLiamPaynePH follow me :(("
eng	negative	"@sainsburys yeah, I tried to film the date at the start. At the time of filming it had 4 days left.  :("
eng	negative	"@namwngr no, because you will get more than one and i think its not the same from the previous one :("
eng	negative	"I can't smile :("
eng	negative	"I'm following 73 users who aren't following me back.  :("
eng	negative	"when will got7 : ("
eng	negative	"@craigyboi seems to be everywhere today :("
eng	negative	"@OliviaKaparang @BTS_twt for the fansign and take photo is more expensive :("
eng	negative	"Zzzzzz.....please don't let the sun come up yet.... :("
eng	negative	"When your bff's extremely stressed and you can't do anything but pray...   :("
eng	negative	"ahh no win for the goodbye stage :("
eng	negative	"@st3cav @MCFC @sterling31 @YayaToure True, deosn't help that Liverpool were here last week, most have never been to Pool though :("
eng	negative	"@ArunbuddyAP yes bro..lost many too :("
eng	negative	"@JindalDaily praying for you all. So sorry this happened : ("
eng	negative	"@jackshilling Great news, thanks for letting us know :( We hope you have a good weekend!"
eng	negative	"@peachyIauren it's so fucked :("
eng	negative	"@LocoTaii - My self esteem was on the lowest :("
eng	negative	"@RyanBitchTits they feel and look better where people can't see tbh They look so tacky :(("
eng	negative	"@fabssulli taken say :("
eng	negative	"@ASVPxGABE man all I got is lucky charms :(((("
eng	negative	"#Haaretz #Israel :-( Syria continues to develop chemical weapons, officials tell WSJ: WSJ rep... http://t.co/3c5PRCHKqw #UniteBlue #Tcot"
eng	negative	"i want all these bts merchs :((("
eng	negative	"Only one more day :("
eng	negative	"Should have taken a pic before mrs wong confiscated my art work :("
eng	negative	"#Bad4thWin you guys omg :(((((("
eng	negative	"@mustntgrumble I hadn't thought of an icepack. Big doses of pain killers on board. But it is feeling very very painful already :( *whimpers*"
eng	negative	"it's okay :("
eng	negative	"@ABeezyGMT says the Man U fan :("
eng	negative	"@BIBBYUPDATES :(( I wish I could be there to say a final goodbye to them"
eng	negative	"@_awkwardraven Will do Senpai &gt;:( -looks up on all of buttsex-"
eng	negative	".@sabal_abla @tanha_messiah But I was joking on the headline. So aren't we friends? :( Pls dn't brk my heart. :'("
eng	negative	"When someone hits a head voice and I'm like "I would sound amazing if I could do that too." But no... I can only do falsettos :("
eng	negative	"@Patrickcf26 NOTICE ME :((("
eng	negative	"@versacelopez I hate our time zone :("
eng	negative	"MY snapchat - LeanneRiner19 #snapchat #hornykik #loveofmylife #dmme #pussy #newmusic #sexo :( http://t.co/TyhwG534Ng"
eng	negative	"@DominionSyfy when will S2 be aired in Spain?? The delay is killing us... :("
eng	negative	"@TheOnion @ChoKyungHoon82 not a single untruth here :("
eng	negative	"My last cross country in IJ was amazing!!!!!!!💥✨💫 Can't bear to leave :-( https://t.co/VkVOxIaEQn"
eng	negative	"@_lizzy_kay I can't drive so :("
eng	negative	"when I have my own little apartment can like someone come live with me :-("
eng	negative	"soshi didnt win :(( buttt congrats infinite!! #bad4thwin"
eng	negative	"@rickygervais I'm working Saturday and Sunday so Friday is a bad day for me :(:("
eng	negative	"going home soon :("
eng	negative	"I shoulda moved away w my boys when I had the chance cause they're the only people I want at times like this :("
eng	negative	"Heyyyyy i wanted to see yeols solo danceeeeee :(((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"Inter offer Nemanja Vidic to Roma...but they don't want him either :( http://t.co/Ksdgy0lTpF http://t.co/FplKjpXNQN"
eng	negative	"My mom's a linguist. My dad's a computer scientist. And I am the dumbest one in the family :-("
eng	negative	"@GizmodoUK broken for me :( I really wanted my morning ice cream in the pouring rain... http://t.co/y9waxvQKpg"
eng	negative	"@hankgreen would you ever consider creating crash course videos about computer science? There aren't many resources at my school :("
eng	negative	"@Uber all ice cream vehicles are busy :("
eng	negative	"ate ayex what do you eat? youre sexy :((( — I swear I eat a lot. No chill lamon haha http://t.co/CfOxw5wljZ"
eng	negative	"This weather has me scrolling through my contacts of people I've curved on some "hey you 😉" sigh* :("
eng	negative	"so i'll be getting my cement cast tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"Shit 10.3k???? :((((("
eng	negative	"*sign out* :(((((( https://t.co/y45q9GAJ5j"
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik zayn :(("
eng	negative	"(bot) If you follow me, plz send to me mention. Because I can't notice :("
eng	negative	"these JMU camps are such a tease bc I just wanna be here now :("
eng	negative	"@mizznhee that's one of the sweetest things I've ever said, awuna mbulelo :("
eng	negative	"This fucking bad link isn't working and I can't watch the match! :("
eng	negative	"Oh no Mr I Pigs not turning on :( although there's a weird crackling noise when I plug him in coming from the plug ,I'm thinking fuse?"
eng	negative	"@TitusOReily dammit I tipped Carlton :( #AFLBluesHawks"
eng	negative	"@baileymac02 miss you :("
eng	negative	"@jiministic go to bed :("
eng	negative	"Am want to go Alex's house :("
eng	negative	"@MotorsportCntrl @GP2_Official so true! This was part of a motorsport series (all on one disc) :("
eng	negative	"All I want right now is the A, followed by the D and a cheeky J after that  Instead I've got some SEO and some NLs to be getting on with :("
eng	negative	"@BOYBANDSFTCARA sure!!! Sorry :( x"
eng	negative	"@talkingsimpsons hey bud! Christy is really sick so I can't leave these 2 at home :( xo thanks man"
eng	negative	"My niece is having a better summer then me :("
eng	negative	"I just wanted a bloody sandwhich :("
eng	negative	"@Whorgeee :( it is"
eng	negative	"Buset :( https://t.co/hQ4y4FKniZ"
eng	negative	"#Discrimination :-( Five things we learned about pregnancy discrimination today | Left Foot F... http://t.co/Ey9MmaSmsd #UniteBlue #Tcot"
eng	negative	"#Discrimination :-( Maternity discrimination: When I needed my boss, he kicked me in teeth - ... http://t.co/2WT4YyMNWz #UniteBlue #Tcot"
eng	negative	"#DomesticViolence :( Proposed New Law Will Help Domestic Violence Victims - 98FM: Victims ... http://t.co/eoISmrzLpo #UniteBlue #VAW :-("
eng	negative	"@nnoonlight i missed you :( it was okay. lol. I did nothing. 😂"
eng	negative	"@hamzaabasiali exactly but unfortunately :("
eng	negative	"Such a stressful and upsetting day yesterday, the UK government sucks :("
eng	negative	"Ugh, well I could still say that I'm lucky because I am Sapiosexual. :(((("
eng	negative	"Aww too bad :("
eng	negative	"Ive been trying to play the damn beta for like 12 hours now :("
eng	negative	"I don't want to be in a world where Hulk Hogan has been scrubbed from WWE history :-("
eng	negative	"im so tired! :("
eng	negative	"This weather isn't making me want to go to the gym at all..... :-("
eng	negative	"@katjturgoose @artsjobs Link doesn't work! :("
eng	negative	"Irene seemed so sad after making that mistake :("
eng	negative	"@ItssssKelseyyyy Naa unfortunately, I didn't have my phone on me :("
eng	negative	"@bmthofficial ITS SOLD OUT :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"i hate u &gt;.&lt; &gt;:( #H_My_King"
eng	negative	"we lose again :("
eng	negative	"Valentine et al found r'ships btwn homo/biphobic comments &amp; certain disciplines - incl. European langs, lit, education :( #fresherstofinals"
eng	negative	"when will you notice me :( i'm so hopeless 💔 @SeaveyDaniel"
eng	negative	"my dreams are gettin too realistic for my liking thx !!! cant tell whats real n what isnt :(((("
eng	negative	"@SidebySide either or but would prefer Benzema! We won't get any though :("
eng	negative	"@dontvexmysoul hahahahahaah i donno korean language :( only few russian ) waaaaa"
eng	negative	"@Grofers what about me? :( #EidWithGrofers"
eng	negative	"Someone talk to me I'm boreddd :("
eng	negative	"don't you just hate it when you get called a mug  pisses me off &gt;:("
eng	negative	""@MgaPinoyPatama: I miss you, but I know you don’t care." :(("
eng	negative	"@alexmcgraaa no I can't do it, don't have the option on my phone :("
eng	negative	"@CelestialSinn I love Tiddler, but that was really silly :( but at least we’ll be getting real new cards in like 1 hour.."
eng	negative	":( well this sucks"
eng	negative	"Infinite win :("
eng	negative	"@SBS_MTV Are you sure that Chorong is the leader? #에이핑크 #더쇼 I can't be sure anymore :("
eng	negative	"@ClashWithCam when will the clan slots be open :(("
eng	negative	"Pffff doing a private @Bugcrowd #bugbounty and only finding self-XSS and host header poisoning :( Need some code execution #ktksbye"
eng	negative	"When your connect leaves a company and they don't alert you :("
eng	negative	".@uberuk you cancelled my ice cream uber order. Everyone else in the office got it but me. :("
eng	negative	"@Nebula2592 ahahah i consider it petite, i have a love hate relationship with my height :("
eng	negative	"@therp_stefan @Therp_BV will cost you 600 k£ to get security alerts on odoo 8 if you are an Odoo partner. Far from community spirit. :-("
eng	negative	"jgh :( im so effin tired"
eng	negative	"facebook, y u no work ? y u do this facebook ? :("
eng	negative	"No ones up :(("
eng	negative	"@TheNameIsJase No unfortunately :( Sorry!"
eng	negative	"Anyone else's show box not working?!?!?:(:(:(:(:("
eng	negative	"AP won't be the same anymore :-("
eng	negative	"@llymlrs story of my life...!! Love London and can't imagine living elsewhere but it's gonna have to happen someday :( I have NO space!"
eng	negative	"@benrwms Oh no Ben :-( That is terrible, please provide us with the name of the branch you visited. We would like to address your concern."
eng	negative	"Poor guy :( http://t.co/aSq9NN4AXR"
eng	negative	"@elninakauser I feel your pain, It's like the Welsh Pod all over again  :("
eng	negative	"@buterasfredo i can't wait for the movie to come out :("
eng	negative	"@littlejules14 Hi Julie, I'm sorry you feel this way :( Whats happened? ^Laura"
eng	negative	"@maknaekookie i cant :-( im still inside the train station waiting for the person ;_; home is another hour away D;"
eng	negative	"@vegemitegrier not anymore :("
eng	negative	"@wendykims @Joix05 @GiladMillo some people need not to talk-kama hawako around :( :(  Waa Kimaaaaaani prisssss!"
eng	negative	"Baggage claim. The final goodbye to all your new plane friends :("
eng	negative	"i miss niamh i havent seen her in forever :("
eng	negative	"Yeah I screwed up again :-( and this time I thought I did something good good"
eng	negative	"@lifeboatsupport I have! :("
eng	negative	"@CherylWalmsley hmmm, they always have so much sugar in them, I rarely make them. Sorry I couldn't help. :("
eng	negative	"I literally have no time to watch paper towns :(("
eng	negative	"@donhutch4 what's the score don I'm stuck at work :("
eng	negative	"Agh @UPCIreland keeps cutting out in the middle of #undercoverboss :-("
eng	negative	"@CMPunk @MattJackson13  please please come back to wwe :( تكفى"
eng	negative	"@cosplayamerica I'll be there around 10. My train was delayed. :("
eng	negative	"Having a full time job means you only gonna have part time fun :("
eng	negative	"My cats have forgotten who I am and they hate me :("
eng	negative	"@vaxwell I know it's long and I played for 15 hours. :("
eng	negative	"@NewBreed_Next u already have most of them :("
eng	negative	"@Kryaotic117 @TritanArmyv2 @MoreConsole yep again :("
eng	negative	"WHY MUST THE VIDEO STOP THO :("
eng	negative	"wisdom teeth giving me so much ache :(("
eng	negative	"Y is no one up :-("
eng	negative	"my wrists feel so naked bc i forgot my watch &amp; bracelet :(("
eng	negative	"@diamaziing Did you ligo na? :("
eng	negative	"The Day A Dozen Parents And Children Killed A Baby Shark For A Selfie :(  https://t.co/S8cq6c91ni"
eng	negative	"So this is Heartache? :("
eng	negative	"I don't think so :( #zayniscomingback"
eng	negative	"little mix are coming to sweden tomorrow and i can't see them :-( im sad"
eng	negative	"my heart is breathing for this moment in time, i'll find the words to say before you leave me today :("
eng	negative	"Elmhurst FC are over  :-( I'll always be  #ETID"
eng	negative	"Miss chillin'with you :( @PrincessReeev"
eng	negative	"Forget to my Job.  I'm sorry my father. :("
eng	negative	"@Scruffbucket IsTanya going2supply all d EXTRA infrastructure,teachers,doctors,nurses,paramedics&amp;other countless things2cope with it all?&gt;:("
eng	negative	"I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/93Z6WOVOs9 PASHA IS CRYING AFTER TERRIBLE DONATE :("
eng	negative	"i'm so bored!!! pleas can 1 Arianator talk to me? :("
eng	negative	"@Hydrojeon lmao hahahaha slr jgh from school :(("
eng	negative	"My live streaming sucks or is it just me :("
eng	negative	"Kendall and Kylie are killing me on Kylie's snapchat :((((("
eng	negative	"@MaayanGean absolute world to me I was so close to seeing him but he did not show up in manila :( i cried so fucking hard that time"
eng	negative	"@jmcefalas Jeebus. Reabsorbtion of tooth, abscess, threatening to affect my lovely front crown :( and OOOOOOOOUCH!!!"
eng	negative	"oh barney :(("
eng	negative	"Awh why :( were nice  https://t.co/5zAwc5Z37J"
eng	negative	"Sometimes it be's like that, yo. Follow someone and then a few days later realise they're problematic as fuck. Life :("
eng	negative	"THEY DIDNT EXPECT THAT OMG THEIR FACES :((((( IM SO PROUD OF YOU INFINITE"
eng	negative	"This day is such a mess! :("
eng	negative	"I miss you maa :( why didn't you ever tell me its going to be like this without you?"
eng	negative	"Help me :("
eng	negative	"@TheHinduTheatre @evam_entd Why no Bangalore? :("
eng	negative	"@NotRedbutBlue awww :( at least u never got called luis manzano tho"
eng	negative	"@bebeshaaa thanks shaaaa! Miss u super :("
eng	negative	"WE DIDN'T GET THE 7TH WIN :("
eng	negative	"Meeting with the convener at 2:30pm :( not looking forward to it!"
eng	negative	"@tweetseamus how was the party last night? Shame I couldn't go :( would of been lovely to have seen you again x"
eng	negative	"@SynergyFlying No!!! Why did you delete me?:("
eng	negative	"#TURKEY ARE NOW #BOMBING #ISIS IN #SYRIA,AND ALLOW THE #USA TO USE ONE OF IT #AIRFIELDS FOR THEIR #JETS :()"
eng	negative	"I want Jack's follow so bad, but I don't want to be annoying by spamming him :( sooo @jackgilinsky follow me please? ☺💜"
eng	negative	"mommy's in manila and I've only seen her once :("
eng	negative	"The reason why I'm always, always overweight... sigeg habhab :( masud pa kaha kos akong un… http://t.co/RZ52EUtzMD http://t.co/Nvx057PFZp"
eng	negative	"@samayanyan yes thank u!! Oh damn that hella sucks :-( but at least u had a really good time that's all that matters"
eng	negative	"@mollehgarcia no pala omg hahaha i have driving lessons :("
eng	negative	"aW i wanna go and see dolphins again :( so cute xxx http://t.co/RJBAFfSMbh"
eng	negative	"@brighteyedmgc hoLY FUCK are u okay / text me if u need anythin !!! :-("
eng	negative	"@xband__loverx I miss you :("
eng	negative	"#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 I See this trend an in radio the next sing is See you again...:("
eng	negative	"Beware: agonising thought experiment ahead :( https://t.co/B8Ttz1wbkG"
eng	negative	"Last time I was here, was a funeral and a again funeral. Modimo ho tseba wena fela. :( — feeling emotional at... http://t.co/mQYsswdot7"
eng	negative	"what's wrong with me :("
eng	negative	"@lh_JM88 and now me too :( hubby will be delighted to return home lol"
eng	negative	"SO SAD FOR THE GIRLS OH WHY DIDN'T THEY WIN :(((("
eng	negative	"@burloutray4 I want something new too, damn you bills!! :("
eng	negative	"@someboysjumper @apriloumay Nowt worse than a sad looking willy :("
eng	negative	"@Tonynamly sad moment when you gon vomit all this out :("
eng	negative	"or a famous bowl :("
eng	negative	"She's so cute :( http://t.co/5gRpttMX8k"
eng	negative	"Devastating to find out last night that Titan AE was never actually any good :-( http://t.co/zzwd8HDcOI"
eng	negative	"@Mark23Baracael mark followback :("
eng	negative	"@Latoyasilmon omg...you're so beautiful... miss you soooooooo much...: ("
eng	negative	"@itstishh miss you so much :( xxxxxx"
eng	negative	"i used to have such nice hair :(( look at it it's all shiny and long and wavy im emo http://t.co/qX7XO8x5Zq"
eng	negative	"@LittleMix have fun in Germany :( I can't be there 😭"
eng	negative	"I was about to make tea but load shedding was like Ha.a bheyps not now ! Ayemso Hacked :(((( http://t.co/ZudfTknvCM"
eng	negative	"my left ear is swelling :("
eng	negative	"read sm quotes on fb which remind me abt sm 1 and am missing him so much now :("
eng	negative	"everyone is going to womad but me :("
eng	negative	"wut the hell i can't sleep &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@CorCor84 It is a vicious circle isn't it :(  x"
eng	negative	"@eydiespi there is no surprise :("
eng	negative	"Win tickets to Cody Simpson concert in Singapore on August 10! http://t.co/6t9XKgtwTm #SpinorBinMusicXCodySimpson pls pls :("
eng	negative	"@joyce_gleek Sorry poooo. :("
eng	negative	"Sorry na bh3s :( @alrakakire"
eng	negative	"Project I want to enter into #PitchWars may not work. :( Only first chap? Mine's a phone call transcript. #ugh"
eng	negative	"@5SOSTumblrx the APMA's :("
eng	negative	"this is bad. my shoulder has started to hurt like a bitch :( and we're just a day away from competition! hope it'll be fine in time"
eng	negative	"@shuaijerks it's okay I feel you it happens all the timw :("
eng	negative	"@HeyyLawley don't make the other accs feel bad :( that's just rude"
eng	negative	"@meowkenzi :(( that sucks. Try vitamin e oil massage everyday for a while and it should make them healthier and easier to stretch"
eng	negative	"What the hell is going wrong :( I don't understand why people choose to hurt each other https://t.co/hIBjz4fC2r"
eng	negative	"I don't know what I'm doing for #BlockJam at all since my schedule's just whacked right now :("
eng	negative	"@tymoss wish I could have been there :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - thelock76 #kik #kiksexting #sex #omegle #couple #travel #hotgirls :( http://t.co/Dn6agZcPhd"
eng	negative	"Valentine et al (2009) found relationships between homo/biphobic comments &amp; certain disciplines- incl. European languages, lit, education :("
eng	negative	"3 ghantay say light nai hay :("
eng	negative	"@hereisjoshhiles I have it still won't work :("
eng	negative	"Rejection is the reason why people deny what they really feel. :( @maryjan71973628"
eng	negative	"this weather is ruining everything :("
eng	negative	"@krysseners No, I was in Laguna :(((("
eng	negative	"Feeling sick :("
eng	negative	":( exit gomen"
eng	negative	"@sustinsantos what the heck that's not fair 😂 I grew half an inch in two years :("
eng	negative	"Woke up feeling so sick :("
eng	negative	"I wish you cut your hair like this again :( http://t.co/Oyt8wMo7w9"
eng	negative	"@NerfThorn problem is 1. I'm from UK so it's £ not $ and 2. I don't have $25 :("
eng	negative	"Suuuuuuuper sick :( fever got way worse :("
eng	negative	"Me right Now :( http://t.co/hoVZi9wQnx"
eng	negative	"65% digital sales.. having a bad feeling :("
eng	negative	"can I use anyones netflix my account is inactive and I wanna watch orphan black :((("
eng	negative	"havent seen you earlier :("
eng	negative	"@FairyFunFwee whaaat? what is this :(("
eng	negative	"@margauxxemm yes baby kaya i'm so sorry :((((("
eng	negative	"NAAAAAN PAS GOODBYE STAGE :("
eng	negative	"@AppleMusic why does my music keep pausing randomly? It's the only app open :("
eng	negative	"3:30am walk down Inglewood ummm bad idea :( ugh stupid anxiety"
eng	negative	"And it's not easy to be me :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix Belgium :("
eng	negative	"@randomdavemcc1 This one was ready in 3 weeks and is also Charcoal, but the other one wont be ready til mid-end Aug :-("
eng	negative	"NOOoo @PTTBath  I've just heard the news :("
eng	negative	"@Rodnerbroo rip rodFanta :-("
eng	negative	"I wish I was better with words :-("
eng	negative	"@Wapaseeto yes, all wasp stings have been averted. Those bugs are mean  :("
eng	negative	"Can u feel it? :((:( #exo http://t.co/ghsa262ORm"
eng	negative	"@zoellaftmendes please don't leave :("
eng	negative	"I'm feel so seekly...:("
eng	negative	"Shocking News!!! :( #RIPTito"
eng	negative	"@Charalanahzard I can't see it! I'm sorry. Call me a manbearpig, but I cannot see it. Sorry :("
eng	negative	"Can i grow shorter pls :("
eng	negative	"@NimrodYEle Academics :-((((("
eng	negative	"I want my free @UberUK ice cream! :-( http://t.co/2BHfR9BU26"
eng	negative	""Exclusive to Germany" how unfair is that? :( Esp. regarding the current bleak german charts situation, still no entry even @ top 100. Pfft."
eng	negative	"@kwangqiiii later I feel out of place :(("
eng	negative	"@borapls it was white washed dude to the Polaroid effect :-("
eng	negative	"I feel bad for talking to you... :("
eng	negative	"#newbethvideo i love you sooo much! But... I live in Greece so I dont think I'm gonna win :( But always hope!!!! &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@courtneypink07 Haha I know right :( He needs a good talking to that Xur does!"
eng	negative	"@GorobaoElisha Imy too :("
eng	negative	"@Emmalaalaaa I don't even know what's going on :( fill me in please? !  #soon babe... ♡♥♡♥  Xoxoxo"
eng	negative	"@for1rose it's raining here :( but I will make sure I get a picture of him soon"
eng	negative	"|| I want cereal.  Too bad we doN'T HAVE ANY. &gt;:("
eng	negative	"just got home. lost one of my stud earrings :("
eng	negative	"I miss his massages :("
eng	negative	"KIK me guys : hunde6 #kik #kikhorny #tagsforlikes #skype #kikchat #amazon #kikhorny :( http://t.co/jGB5W5ct7t"
eng	negative	"i lost my 3.4k :("
eng	negative	"Yach.. telat.. huvvft..., :( https://t.co/nrzfh7Roja"
eng	negative	"@junhuiass IT'S BEEN YEARS SINCE I HAVE BEEN IN A ZOO AND IT'S ONLY ON FIELDTRIPS SO NO TIME TO TOUCH :((("
eng	negative	"@attepate I wanted to hug him after watching this :("
eng	negative	"@JackAndJackReal I missed the following spree :( next time though x"
eng	negative	"Still hoping :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"@EdeLabayog awww :(( kaya yan! Think positive!"
eng	negative	"i miss my king,future,boss, and RAIN :( http://t.co/RZTM0VKIlM"
eng	negative	"I want to watch a movie, listen to Sizwe, eat and write my assignments at the same time.... But I can't do that :("
eng	negative	"@strawberrybon i miss you :("
eng	negative	"this time in 20 days i'll have my results kms :("
eng	negative	"I have four shifts left with @taylorchurchman my heart has broken :("
eng	negative	"AAAAAHHHHHHHH  :(  It Is Only 3 pm And I Feel Like Dying Of Boredom...."
eng	negative	"@HouseOfPoitiers @nurseneddy @Peteski40   On me birthday en all :("
eng	negative	"Stop playing with my feelings man :( i aint got no time for that. *still hoping* ♡  #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 http://t.co/Nu0PMyGKU9"
eng	negative	"@zedxgarcia u started it :("
eng	negative	"Am I the one whos dont see sinse to trend something like thats? :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Good thing I got those free earrings, as I've somehow lost one of the tiny screw on ball things from one of my barbells :("
eng	negative	"@JonnyMalee owww I'm only about this weekend, I'm on the course next week so won't be able to get into Amsterdam :("
eng	negative	"@rainymondays luv u 💖 ps. We haven't talked in a looooong time :-( why??"
eng	negative	"@gclliva home? but my eyes aint apartement : ("
eng	negative	"@JackJcnes text: :( why"
eng	negative	"@enikotsz @pooj_ @UberUK @walls With this rain though? :("
eng	negative	"@ollgbroxei sc, longe :("
eng	negative	"@AmeAmeSakura especially when you don't like it :( I can't do the same song over and over again :/"
eng	negative	"Cat on the lap. I have to go out now! :( http://t.co/wN3169K7Kb"
eng	negative	"@ellierowexo :((( &amp; I'm litro gonna be on my own that weekend"
eng	negative	"@GiannePeqs shit good shepherd is lami :( 3"
eng	negative	"@hawkerclaw thank you. Maybe because of late sleep. :("
eng	negative	"I need relax.:-( ...#lungomare #Pesaro #giachietittiwedding #igersoftheday #summertime #summer… https://t.co/IHFceHoxl3"
eng	negative	"my nose is bruised a lil :( :("
eng	negative	"Fuck those snake things in Journey. Always went for me, never my partner. Had a beautiful scarf and he ate it :("
eng	negative	"@jaredlovesjen i'm hoping that if he comes back to aus i can afford to go again but i dont think i'll be able to :("
eng	negative	"It just ruins your #FridayFeeling when you know next day you have to wake up early in the morning....:("
eng	negative	"I'll be so sad if there's nothing tonight :("
eng	negative	"I want a bad bitch but I aint got no money :("
eng	negative	"but i can't fry chicken, woe is me my nigga :("
eng	negative	"#MOTN though lighting is not doing my make-up any justice :( http://t.co/nkzA8S687N"
eng	negative	"That one person. Is still very important to me...and I don't want her gone any longer...yet I just sit here scared out of my mind. :(..."
eng	negative	"i rly wanna buy the limited ver as well as the normal edition. huhuhu what to choose? :("
eng	negative	"@axolotl74 @sp1305 Stack is on M'Lady J8 to J11 M20 :-("
eng	negative	"jk im so bored :(( acads scheduled @ 8 what to do nowwww"
eng	negative	"@HAMEZR10 couldn't watch cops :( how was James?"
eng	negative	"i need to clean my window at some point today bc hugh keeps pawing at them and leaving muddy marks everywhere :("
eng	negative	"But I don't know what song to sing :("
eng	negative	"@xcliffordpizza my mom called me up :(((( i got distracted"
eng	negative	"@YseIcedTey heyy i miss you :("
eng	negative	"Please be nice tomorrow weather! Otherwise our picnic is cancelled and I've got 24 cupcakes to eat :-( https://t.co/LGQRwfFTiO"
eng	negative	"@Benzyyyyy with you talaga the best. :-( 😂"
eng	negative	"the only female i wanna get it poppin with is Joc.... but she be playin :("
eng	negative	"@taekookfever SO CUTE :("
eng	negative	"@NinaSarto pm me :("
eng	negative	"When I saw #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 "FIX YOU" by Coldplay plays in my Windows Media Player :( 😭 http://t.co/rGnNYzc31c"
eng	negative	"@_ferdelicious I think I just failed one subj :-( sobrang bv 😭 pls pray for me huhu"
eng	negative	"zamn the line up for afropunk fest brooklyn :("
eng	negative	"@lightmytorch I'm not there anymore!! Would have signed if I saw you! :( thank you for coming"
eng	negative	"wish id put more than £50 on real madrid #shithouse :("
eng	negative	"Cutest dance ever :(("
eng	negative	"@Kimwoobin89__ oppa............./hug ur arm/ why am I like this :("
eng	negative	"@jasonbarnard86 @stefgingerball I asked my boss for a raise once, he handed me a ladder and told me to climb the ladder to success. :-("
eng	negative	"@jenandmish @wittykrushnic to get by, to get by :("
eng	negative	"Nerve wracking test. Booset. :("
eng	negative	"@mythor aw sad :( it's very very long though. Maybe a little longer &amp; you'd love it? I restarted assassins creed II heaps, then fell in love"
eng	negative	"@cragdoo I don't know why the hell it's playing the next one, I can find no way of turning that off :("
eng	negative	"Bored :("
eng	negative	"i'm such a terrible daughter :-("
eng	negative	"Finally got some time to catch up on games..Wish i could say "Let the games begin"...sigh*..PS3 isn't working :( http://t.co/nwriRgSq8v"
eng	negative	"my ankle :("
eng	negative	"I just stepped in a puddle :-( &amp; I'm wearing slippers!!"
eng	negative	"Good eve. :("
eng	negative	"wake up bby, imy :("
eng	negative	"I will cry :("
eng	negative	"Video: sararocs: I am so angry at the world :( http://t.co/eGuM20hTok"
eng	negative	"pretty hairs :("
eng	negative	"fnaf 4 coming after my holiday now :("
eng	negative	"@1q4h_ cheer up!! :-( 😘💖"
eng	negative	"@ThisIsTheBrooks maybe a tweet? :("
eng	negative	"@AnnieAppelle and @nutriculum is this today but you're not here :(  #anywayhedidanicejob"
eng	negative	"@bethisbest01 @styleswavy same same 😞 :("
eng	negative	"this match history :("
eng	negative	"It's 3am and I can't sleep :("
eng	negative	"@JagexAlfred the green one is ugly :( the others are awesome tho"
eng	negative	"Local legend :( https://t.co/VVLTlmOsQ0"
eng	negative	"@CruiseLineUK @AzamaraVoyages can't tell you how sad I am we booked on another cruise line and could have done this. Double wail. :-("
eng	negative	"When things go wrong they go wrong I have broken my manual wheelchair checked if I can get one that fits from NHS and its 26weeks wait :("
eng	negative	"Poor SBENU :&lt; SaSin wasn't happy at all... As the best player on his team.. :( But Anarchy~~~ :3 &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@jenxmish rude af, im gonna put my candle away :("
eng	negative	"@wydbaylee im sure anyone would kiss ur forehead &amp; give u medicine if u asked :( but ur welcome :("
eng	negative	"@Marsaliath Oops :("
eng	negative	"Hoya mah always good looking :( No comment aing :("
eng	negative	"@JKottak without you just miss you :("
eng	negative	"Nobody said it was easy :("
eng	negative	"I'm so sorry I didn't give you enough hugs awhile ago b I was just so tired :( But it was so nice seeing you again luv @nicoooootine"
eng	negative	"@Jaxonoys aw I miss you :("
eng	negative	"@GoodieNuff now hush gurly and bring your purty mouth closer  That made me shiver :("
eng	negative	"@MojangSupport the website doesn't have the solution, is there anything I can do, I paid for this and I can't even play it properly :("
eng	negative	"Dont know why I try anymore. Getting tired of this. :("
eng	negative	"@RyanSugandi gol pea :("
eng	negative	"@SPObabbby I hate myself for not knowing English :("
eng	negative	"Physically, emotionally, mentally, #TIERD :("
eng	negative	"My third eye's getting active again :("
eng	negative	"@EggNiGreg thnkyouuuuuuuuu :("
eng	negative	"@simonshieldcars Hi Caroline no we didn't :( Neither did @MotorMistress or @GlynHopkinShop I think - we figured out it was in US lol"
eng	negative	"@hotsootaff my mirror is more beautiful than me :("
eng	negative	"@nuttyxander didn't make it to the highlights then :-(  They seem to have stopped talking about 'climbing on pure courage' - bit too fishy"
eng	negative	"I didn't even do anything to it idek :("
eng	negative	"did I missed apink performance? :("
eng	negative	"Bulet gendut :("
eng	negative	"#PARTY goodbye stage :("
eng	negative	"@subharrie noo :( do you know why?"
eng	negative	"@lollypng :( *hugs* I hope you can rest soon."
eng	negative	"@ovo4fev Looks awesome! I miss the days of racing hotwheels cars around my house. :( ^MS"
eng	negative	"Patch :("
eng	negative	"@andytude typically we had a power cut last night and I missed it!:( was it good?"
eng	negative	"@ellegowers ahaha I'm laying on my bed like WHYYYYYY. The pretty wine glasses sucked me in :("
eng	negative	"@Akon @Tyrese where's your album akon :("
eng	negative	"@sulliyahh sorry i didnt update you i went somewhere :("
eng	negative	"The never ending nightmare is still never ending :("
eng	negative	"@hugeboysmh YA! YA SONG MINO! WHERE ARE YOU? :("
eng	negative	"crazyyyy thooo zz from airport straight away to soundcheck and concert :("
eng	negative	"@obscurro hmm is this tweet antagonistic? I literally do sing the obs song :("
eng	negative	"PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 IP Issue i was so happy i could finally play the game then this... so sad :( http://t.co/du7Z6cjYVm @Asiasoft_Live"
eng	negative	"Bruce just won't smile :( http://t.co/UwldCQkcoq"
eng	negative	"Its 2:30 in the morning #SleepDeprived #TiredAsHell #Looking4ASpot Even #Kinara's Closed.. :( We then Chill at #Awami http://t.co/T47BRjzsz5"
eng	negative	"Of course :( :( .. I don't understand &gt;&gt;&gt;"@khalila_: Y'all gonna ignore @Calvin_Muca questions huh? Niqqa is desperate need of answers lol""
eng	negative	"@Sibulela_M why must you be so tiny :("
eng	negative	"so after 2 weeks only mockingjay was left well that was slow :("
eng	negative	"@jenxmish @wittykrushnic you are the only thing that i need :("
eng	negative	"@DrishyamTheFilm @Team_AjayDevgn @ajaydevgn Not fair with us from Pb.contestants our dreams not comes true this time :("
eng	negative	"@CraziestMocha I wish :("
eng	negative	"@laurenecurrann snakes on you??:("
eng	negative	"My cycle is coming soon :(. Woe is me."
eng	negative	"@Shrimp_89 @KianEganWL Aarww...I wish I could be there too :( xx"
eng	negative	"Lol the person i want to hug i cant :( lmbo dangit i miss people to much , cant help it though"
eng	negative	"I can't sleep now what the heck :("
eng	negative	"@_eMCeeeee ohmygod worst case scenario na tooooooo :(((("
eng	negative	"Nice weather if ur a fucking duck :("
eng	negative	"@pieterebersohn where are you watching the game? :("
eng	negative	"Awwww Baechyyy it's okayyyy :( Lol it's cute actually haha http://t.co/dN83gHOw3y"
eng	negative	"did noone live for my drag drawing ok :("
eng	negative	"This started with a picture :(( seriously  #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"@YHMFans @TheKaranPatel #Misundersranding days chal raha hai #YHM me :("
eng	negative	"Edsa y u do dis 2 me  So tired. Just wanna go home :("
eng	negative	"My SNAPCHAT - JasminGarrick #snapchat #kikmeguys #snapchat #webcam #milf #nakamaforever #kiksex :( http://t.co/j0GGCcW3Dg"
eng	negative	"@leesasana @Francesca092391 tried tweeting UNICEF's accounts but no answer from them :("
eng	negative	"@kristinexvilla @larssycutiee fu all :((((("
eng	negative	"Home alone :("
eng	negative	"@Uber has anyone managed to get ice cream? I've been on my app from 1 Stephen Street for last 35 mins and no free vehicles have appeared :-("
eng	negative	"So Much New Music that I cant record yet coz my voice is gone :( #Frustration"
eng	negative	"@NathanSykes I think you could do with a hug right now more than me. :(  Poor thing!  Sent you DM if interested. Hope you get better soon!"
eng	negative	"@Tsholo_Mapz I don't like you :("
eng	negative	"Woza @Pale_Entle2 Please take me with you :-( https://t.co/YJ6NgRL5AD …"
eng	negative	"@kaisoography very good read promise :("
eng	negative	"MY kik : senight468 #kik #kikmeboys #gay #teens #amateur #travel #hotscratch :( http://t.co/1KmYuz66RN"
eng	negative	"Should I still sell socks? It's too expensive :-( 150-160 pesos is so expensive + you gotta pay for the sf :-( http://t.co/JYLqWawIog"
eng	negative	"I don't think I can watch degrassi for about 4-6 nights :(("
eng	negative	"@khushirkd @dpcrazen1001 no bcz kat rejected! i like their chem onscreen tho...ofscreen,he kinda ignores her:(:("
eng	negative	"Pak saturday classes, pak monthly test :("
eng	negative	""Please don't put your life in the hands of a rock n roll band who throw it all away" oh the irony :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK : rhisfor500 #kik #hornykik #bestoftheday #chat #snapme #summer #camsex :( http://t.co/ldbydFruxA"
eng	negative	"@ApparentlyShane Why did you unfollow me :("
eng	negative	"@GothicFrog Sad to see you go :( Was there a particular issue? The support team can help: http://t.co/MCvOjHPVLv #fxhelp"
eng	negative	"Really missing my family, friends, bae and Poopie :((("
eng	negative	"@GazetteBoro @often_partisan ? Have we been pipped to the post do you think?  :-("
eng	negative	"Life never felt so good :("
eng	negative	"Uff, don't feeling too well today tbh :("
eng	negative	"@nba2kmobile @MyNBA2KRT @mynba2k15credit I would but have only 1.300 credits :("
eng	negative	"@KumonePina_bot Just for that, you won't get a cupcake!! &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@davygus Glue factory for Kuchar :-("
eng	negative	"@jenandmish @wittykrushnic please stay, with me :("
eng	negative	"@nathan3205 OMG THAT CAME FAST! You graduate at the end of the year?! I know :( catch ups are a definite (what we did best at uni anyways)"
eng	negative	"@Silverio_Lanzzz @ObeeyRainbow same..i don't know why :(("
eng	negative	"thinking about @StereoKicks again :("
eng	negative	"my EE account still isn't working :("
eng	negative	"@crosseyesmiley I didn't see you :("
eng	negative	"Tommy and Georgia are so cute they actually hurt my heart :( :( :("
eng	negative	"@21oclock :((( bout to instant transmission"
eng	negative	"@daiIysolos zayn malik please :(("
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes i dont know what to dm you :(("
eng	negative	"@FatinYzd sigh orang suma no time for me :-("
eng	negative	"It's not the off shouldeeerr outfit sad :("
eng	negative	"@OloapZurc damn. Hopefully! We deserve one since it's been ages since our last repack (i wont mention how boy groups gets repacks always) :("
eng	negative	"@charleybilton little charles all grown up :( remember when we dyed your hair and it went rihanna red hahahaha that aint no ginge xxx"
eng	negative	"without you :("
eng	negative	"it scared me :("
eng	negative	"@BootsAndSneaks no boots like that as such! The closest thing I have to boots are my high top nikes and Adidas haha :("
eng	negative	"@lilaclarents Oh no sorry to hear this :( please can you email the information to pro@illamasqua.com instead and they can manually set up? x"
eng	negative	"@xojustineeox same! :("
eng	negative	"@benedicksawal ifeelyou :("
eng	negative	"Training felt harder today..that's what happens going to bed too late n waking up earlier than usual :( #RatBagLater"
eng	negative	"@Vanessauhhh he doesn't win any :("
eng	negative	"who wants to watch paper towns with me tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"Did badly in the second semester :-("
eng	negative	"never drinking gin again :("
eng	negative	"@KittyKatPK I hope so :(💜"
eng	negative	"Gutted for Reynold. The kind of desserts he has done this season :("
eng	negative	"@LeeEvansBirding @pennystocksusa That's a village thing everywhere in the world. It's different in big cities, unfortunately :("
eng	negative	"@Craig_J_Hastie @MassDeception1 uniting oppressed masses can take forever :( look wat happened n afghanistn,war tore it &amp; it ended n s**t."
eng	negative	"did sunggyu injure his hand yesterday there's a plaster on his hand?? :("
eng	negative	"Sad bc I had a dream that all the boys rtd me, Louis &amp; harry followed me but then I woke up &amp; it wasn't true. :("
eng	negative	"5sos hated our crowd :-("
eng	negative	"Please take me with you :-( https://t.co/0foUNK2onJ"
eng	negative	"@lorenzosilves omg hi!! I miss you guys so much :("
eng	negative	"I should be working on that stadium, I'm a boss welder :("
eng	negative	"omg I wanna hear ghost stories :("
eng	negative	"@WordOfTheFree ago hogo vishaya all adu. BJP madatte anta vishwas ne illa. :("
eng	negative	"summer weather wua :-((("
eng	negative	"I tried to sleep but I noticed my picky finger started to swell up and :( ugh omg"
eng	negative	"one of my favourite mutuals just unfollowed me :(("
eng	negative	"I said gn along time ago my ass can't fall asleep :("
eng	negative	"I can't sleep :( http://t.co/7IiyoPYtXl"
eng	negative	"kik - thenting423 #kik #kiksex #omegle #skype #amateur #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexual :( http://t.co/VcRhaDOqPt"
eng	negative	"@ApplePieQueen_ I haven't even watched any it just syncs from plug.dj :("
eng	negative	"My nose and forehead are peeling :("
eng	negative	"@NaakiiChan my mum :("
eng	negative	"Car &amp; suspemsion cant cope with all these offroading adventures now theres harvest machinery left in inapropriate places to weave around :(("
eng	negative	"@WinterJeff hahahaha were going nowhere fast. Not without some decent investment. Scottish football is dire at the moment :( #nomoney"
eng	negative	"@touchdamendes are you ok :( Im here if you want to talk"
eng	negative	"@_yungthot ur not in the nawf :("
eng	negative	"@larriii7 do sum :( ."
eng	negative	"@xcorben_ Bechos. :("
eng	negative	"danny :( @TheScript_Danny"
eng	negative	"@nekrotizan sorry :("
eng	negative	"♥ [ENG] ♥ - Let's talk, since can't stream games :(: http://t.co/Br36TjVYNd"
eng	negative	"@Tsholo_Mapz OVERLY please do  my lab for me :("
eng	negative	"@zappygolucky OMG LOVE IT TY ZAP :(((((("
eng	negative	"@lawandsexuality that makes really distressing reading :-("
eng	negative	"Don't wanna live in the world where people get shot when going to cinema #LouisianaShooting :(("
eng	negative	"@nws1886 Yeah ... I got this shit in a bag. "Laughing in the face of anxiety" har har har. I think ! :( how's it go, chum? Out this weekend?"
eng	negative	"just ended ncc and now heading to training. gonna be late :-("
eng	negative	"@1DInfectionMNL I miss them :( I hope they will come back here in PH :(( balik naman kayo oh @onedirection"
eng	negative	"Itong shirt oh! :( I want thaaaat!!! :(( (ctto) http://t.co/YILATtPk6W"
eng	negative	"Expired and I used BIS money now I'm broke ):("@TheActualKing: @portiatearsbee you got BB where is your BIS?""
eng	negative	"@ObeeyRainbow this makes me feel bad :("
eng	negative	"@thomsk93 @KnucklePuckIL @CantSeeColour will listen tonight, it's tough having a full time job :-("
eng	negative	"Leave me alone :("
eng	negative	"started reading at 11 and now its 3:33 :( jfc time flies by"
eng	negative	"Goodbye stage :( you'll be miss"
eng	negative	"New bio. Bodo amat :-("
eng	negative	"@KadiDiallo4 thats it! Watch it go by quick though.. :("
eng	negative	"All of my friends are asleep :(:(:("
eng	negative	"@triassy yelaaaaaaa :("
eng	negative	"Sooooooooooo tired :("
eng	negative	"@espresso_based is that you? what happened? :("
eng	negative	"want to sleep but not tired :(("
eng	negative	"Home time today for me and @ASTownley :( #dublin http://t.co/EZRfqqlzXc"
eng	negative	"Someone have a harry potter marathon with me :(("
eng	negative	"tbh i miss you :("
eng	negative	"I don't know how to find a balance :(((("
eng	negative	"@THESCORCHCRANKS WHY DO YOU HAVE TO UNFOLLOW ME?:("
eng	negative	"Want a big hug. Want a sweet smile. Want a warm eyes. Since this moment I can't have it. :("
eng	negative	"@ForbiddenPlanet @ValiantComics @MyZombies Would so love to win! Can't afford to buy comics at the moment and I'm pining for them! :("
eng	negative	"@teamkins Oh this isn't good to hear :( What have you been asked to provide exactly?"
eng	negative	"@lancepriebe Is there any chance you could add a keybind feature to Wild Warfare? Because I can't change my controlls so I can't play.. :("
eng	negative	"Been diagnosed wiv Scheuermann's disease.......back bone rlyhurts howdo u do it georgesampson cant stand da pain can't do P.E :( x"
eng	negative	"@ManasRM @AnjariaSameer @Airtel_Presence where is #voice signal? Not able to make calls :-( http://t.co/iF9jbN3cgm"
eng	negative	"What do we reckon are the chances of me seeing any #T20 action in #Taunton tonight??? *hopeful but realistic face* :-("
eng	negative	"@z1mb0bw4y and 2 weeks of vacation, which I dont have... :("
eng	negative	"i love you :(  http://t.co/1q9EZyGWXI"
eng	negative	"ugh im so excited for made :((((((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"@kohquette you're good and you should feel good!!! :("
eng	negative	"#JusticeForSandraBland #SandraBland this is disturbing just shows the poor women was already dead in the mug shot :( https://t.co/K17rqTUbeH"
eng	negative	"sick of this feeling. :( i just wanna be happpy"
eng	negative	"justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm bae! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:34AM)"
eng	negative	"@ManLikeSergio Delphy Injured :("
eng	negative	"weak at dom :( DOM TECHNIQUES?! https://t.co/5WyrdvjzSf"
eng	negative	"@jaimelesgyozas ah mince :("
eng	negative	"@BAP_Bangyongguk I don't feel good :("
eng	negative	"@LuciHolland I completely forgot about Final Symphony :( Need to meet up again sometime soon with Joe and co."
eng	negative	"Tbh me too but they now busy wth their concert schedule :( aisyhhh https://t.co/16pOubmvlX"
eng	negative	"@clunis_96 I haven't been eyed up since I started going bald at the age of 14 :("
eng	negative	"Only SeungChan cant get :( Aigooo My Riri"
eng	negative	"@iainbruce not good :("
eng	negative	"My original ticket was £19 :("
eng	negative	"@Jakers787 depends on when I have a vet visit for sick cat :( I'll let you know?"
eng	negative	"@jenxmish @wittykrushnic don't leave :("
eng	negative	"i don't wanna get up :((("
eng	negative	"@elyusia i can find most major people EXCEPT his VA  i'm not sure if they just kept it same as luminous but they didn't do that in kms &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@countrychoiceID min follback :("
eng	negative	"@martinamegia_ its been treating me horribly ugh :( im v happy for u !"
eng	negative	"@kristikay13 Good morning! Hope it's a productive one for you. Time for me to get ready for work. :("
eng	negative	""zayn" starts with a small letter Z. Why? :( @Real_Liam_Payne"
eng	negative	"@lifelesscurves they're really unique and refreshing :( the popularity was great too. Just why...just why &gt;_&gt;"
eng	negative	"Once you start loving someone, it’s hard to stop. *Bebeeeee :("
eng	negative	"CHEM LT WAS NOT NICE :((("
eng	negative	".@sabal_abla @tanha_messiah Because people who point out inaccuracies in jokes might be inaccurate jokes. I got worried :("
eng	negative	"@DarkSkinnedToni burning rn like this is so tragic :((("
eng	negative	"I woke up really hungry :("
eng	negative	"I love Joy :("
eng	negative	"INFINITE GOT TO WIN &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@PlanetRockRadio Sam I have seen rush 19 times. Would have been 20 in Toronto until my flight was cancelled on day of the show :( stuart"
eng	negative	"Party's goodbye stage :(("
eng	negative	"Iyalaya to anybody that would laugh at me today. I'd just have to wear my shades round the clock.:("
eng	negative	"What is this ??? #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 :( ;("
eng	negative	"@godstalia aw fuck that sucks :(("
eng	negative	"@sianyw As if he wouldn't be happier here running around my house wearing a H&amp;M shirt. :("
eng	negative	"@Mars_Sum41 noooo :( goodbye fun driving"
eng	negative	"I'm bored :( this one ubusy le fifa -_-"
eng	negative	"@lorrainepalileo @cailaaah i wanna go gymnastics with you guys :(( haha"
eng	negative	"I'm so sick aahhhh i hate this feeling :-("
eng	negative	"Ok, back to work :( http://t.co/QFtLZ2Cl0w"
eng	negative	"My poor noggin! Bumped it a few days ago and it still hurts a little. :( #feelslikeanidiot"
eng	negative	"I'm forever eating like  Pregnant woman these Days :-("
eng	negative	"Ugh :( My head hurts."
eng	negative	"i dearly miss and love my sunshine @zaynmalik :-("
eng	negative	"@PatelPatelxx @Starbucks can suk ma buttttttt. except their pumpkin scones.... but they havent made those in years :((("
eng	negative	"love outnumbered so much, wish there were more to watch :("
eng	negative	"vidcon :((("
eng	negative	"@ErisLovesMovies :( Feel better soon, Eris. #support"
eng	negative	"Hello ;3 geez.. i badly miss my 12 precious stars :( EXO&lt;3"
eng	negative	"@Beyfan1981 @HateTheseFools Yes Hive always sucks at voting... that is shit :(("
eng	negative	"They said #GOT7 will back to #VIETNAM this december !!!!! I DUNT THINK SO AWWWWWWWW :(( DON'T KID ME !!!!"
eng	negative	"@marmaisxcz IKR :( lol"
eng	negative	"can you hear my sobbing :((( http://t.co/Daoz0uAQGC"
eng	negative	"so cute :( http://t.co/hhhWQQ1Nh3"
eng	negative	"@sociopathslut @onikashabibi but why don't I have buff legs yet :("
eng	negative	"noo toni deactivated too?? :("
eng	negative	"Bra Shady's kisses though!  :-( #Isibaya"
eng	negative	"this place will forever hold a very special place in my heart :-( ❤️ gonna miss you Germany 😓 http://t.co/fwDwYoVEPV"
eng	negative	"Haven't really slept all night :( I'm in a different place where it's a little colder. Hopefully that will help. Took some meds"
eng	negative	"Leaving for the airport soon :( don't wanna go home."
eng	negative	"@clemencycox i want a sausage roll :-("
eng	negative	"Rain rain go away :("
eng	negative	"work adios friends :("
eng	negative	"I have a cold sore :( ew h8 this. Help"
eng	negative	"What's wrong with my fb messenger :(((("
eng	negative	"I wish my band were shittier so we could get booked on Leno :("
eng	negative	"Identity crisis :("
eng	negative	"3:33 am and all of my roommates are officially knocked out :( so much for an all nighter"
eng	negative	"A bird just flew into the window and now it's dead :-("
eng	negative	"@damnkathleen come thru b I miss you :("
eng	negative	"@XxJenniferAmyxX Derek likes to tour &amp; visits Wetherspoons Pubs across the UK. Get Police to contact their H/O. Hope he OK. :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix PLEASE FOLLOW ME :("
eng	negative	"Even had a dream that Frank Ocean released his new album ffs pls :(((("
eng	negative	"Snapchat me : LisaHerring19 #snapchat #kikme #kikmeboys #woman #ebony #weloveyounamjoon #sexi :( http://t.co/zVTYSy29uk"
eng	negative	"Don't know why I gave my white dress with small polka dots away :( 😭😭 *sigh* ndi hacked."
eng	negative	"I miss my baby :-("
eng	negative	"@HerFaithness it is &amp; I'm already having a bad day :-("
eng	negative	"@erinaree It was SO yum but I had to feed 6 so no leftovers :("
eng	negative	"@dullandwicked @_GrahamPatrick @JohnBoyStyle Has nobody told you about this side of twitter? It's in the T&amp;Cs. He owns you now. Sorry. :("
eng	negative	"The last dick pic I got was awful. It ruined walnut whips for me for life :-(   I also named him and it turned out his wife followed me."
eng	negative	"@Vicionius Boah! :("
eng	negative	"Things are hard right now, &amp; I can't even be home with Mady to help me through it. :("
eng	negative	"i am so :(((((("
eng	negative	"@EpicRaver I know :("
eng	negative	"@NatalieH__xx aww no but it's my last semester ever!! :( we def have to catch up sometime soon. We always leave it too long"
eng	negative	"This manga is just too cute and yet made me cry.. :( http://t.co/KB6GswBxMT"
eng	negative	"@LouiseMensch Just like that here at the moment....not. :-("
eng	negative	"I ate all the leftovers of the giant #AmINormalYet cookie for breakfast and now I'm clutching my poorly tummy in my PJs and groaning :("
eng	negative	"@ghinesaddi miss you :("
eng	negative	"@_stroya nou youre not :-( here have a picture of Adam http://t.co/WEvVpVoAmx"
eng	negative	"@sinSALEM this is a very sad moment :("
eng	negative	"@lukelegs69that wouldn't be right :(("
eng	negative	"Ken Saras. Waiting for my sister. She was in accident. So poor :( https://t.co/44TvKaVDCJ"
eng	negative	"@Rorington95 did they manage to sort your ticket issue mate? Nobody picked up when i rang the box office :("
eng	negative	"Fk!!!!! I have no freaking words to describe this.... Eric Prydz How? like how? :( This is out of the world!! http://t.co/W5uDTzdhAi"
eng	negative	"Not 12 hours after my sister-in-law installed that new @DionoUSA seat we bought her she was rear-ended! everyone's fine but seat is trash :("
eng	negative	"For the first time in my life I've had to hold my boobs whilst running down stairs, is my no bra life over :("
eng	negative	"@ljenkins314 @fringenerd @Noin007 I like paper books :("
eng	negative	"@SensodyneIndia we friends love to eat ice cream during childhood. Missing those days :( #Toothsensitivity"
eng	negative	"@father me too :-("
eng	negative	"@Belinda_Factor stressful :( you not even my dress size ke shem.."
eng	negative	"Trust me to be no well :( Awell not be long and I will be to drunk to care #weekendofmadness 🍹🍸🍹"
eng	negative	"i really like this cb but not the outfit this time too bad :("
eng	negative	"@lucyreesxo She threatened me :("
eng	negative	"i wanna be a dancer  no i wanna be a choregrapher but  I CANT :( whyyyyyyyyyyyy is life so unfair"
eng	negative	"@KittyKatPK happening anymore :("
eng	negative	"@curiouskittten didn't even know you still existed on here haha text me :( 626-430-8715"
eng	negative	"@subharrie @roguefond i've messaged her but she hasn't replied and i dont even think she's active on facebook :("
eng	negative	"@MlREU but i'm at work you hoe xD i can't even look at bby in peace :((("
eng	negative	"@suziepanol WHY DO THAT TO US :("
eng	negative	"Well it seems like just a dream :("
eng	negative	"Dream team recording today :((( im sad xiu couldn't make it :("
eng	negative	"Nk gi uss on birthday :("
eng	negative	"@HollieB awwwwww, I'm so sorry to hear that :("
eng	negative	"@ElisseJoson miss you so much ate elisse :(( do u still remember me? 😭"
eng	negative	"i miss them so much :("
eng	negative	"ksoo makes me so emo :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"Wat a small session tat was :(..but still im little happy bcoz for the first time i heard my name from @rithvik_RD..but still too short.."
eng	negative	"@Doomcrew_Glen awwwww i'm so sorry. :( i bet she's looking down on you&lt;33"
eng	negative	"no matter how many times i try to sleep... i can't :("
eng	negative	"“@shakyra_cledera: "paper town" :--((((” sm :((("
eng	negative	"@wittykrushnic don't go :("
eng	negative	"I'm going to miss you baby! :(( @ Rancho Imperial de Silang Subdivision https://t.co/b5JvTqpm4N"
eng	negative	"traffic :-("
eng	negative	"Twitter Help Center | Why can&amp;#39;t I follow people? https://t.co/LeL2yOp3Iq via @support i really really sorry about following evry one :("
eng	negative	"@franksredhotuk Its not hot in Cornwall! its veritably cold :( great prize xx"
eng	negative	"@hancoverdalexo aww :( thanks anyway!!"
eng	negative	"Regular gym workouts are so boring when you could be spinning :("
eng	negative	"I can't do it anymore. I can't have stress on my body yet my life is based upon stress I just can't do it :("
eng	negative	"@ManOfZinc And I don't see a penny of it... :-( DM me your email address; I'll send you the ebook."
eng	negative	"Фотосет: addicted-to-analsex: sweetbj: #sweetbj #blowjob Mhhh, want to make a man happy now :( http://t.co/v9ryND7pcs"
eng	negative	"im sed.. :-( the person im meeting is late and im at the other end of sg and i havent taken my dinner yet bless me"
eng	negative	"@willing_h I feel left out :("
eng	negative	"@mblaq_seungh0 THEN WHY MENTION MEE OMG /envious/ please oppa eonni stop lovey dovey in front of your poor single dongsaeng :("
eng	negative	"@ShannonEastwood I'm workin :( got a day off Tuesday tho haha x"
eng	negative	"@ulaaaaa1909 Schade :("
eng	negative	"@CuddlesAri I am gutted! they NEVER do m&amp;g for Belfast :("
eng	negative	"@klentmagsino im so jealous.. :( because you followed each other with Jacob @JacobWhitesides .. follow me too. Jacob :("
eng	negative	"isco :("
eng	negative	"@ImRefleex my penis is too small :("
eng	negative	"omg me every fucking month... :( https://t.co/FX0CGVPDMX"
eng	negative	"I wish my dog liked to cuddle :("
eng	negative	"Come on Carlton :("
eng	negative	"@MOONEMOJAI babe :( can u still read thru the conversation on ur hushed?"
eng	negative	"Sometimes I wonder what went wrong :( guess I'll never know"
eng	negative	"And more violence... :(  ...we are a Soul Sick nation...praying for Louisiana. #Lafayette #matteroftheheart #peace"
eng	negative	"waduh..pantes :( https://t.co/AWS63BItZA"
eng	negative	"@keelzy81 you know, I actually got suspended for smoking, can you believe it? Teenage me was such a fucking cliche :("
eng	negative	"Already miss @mikeyyfontt so much :("
eng	negative	"@BocasSweets I miss youuuu :(((("
eng	negative	"Today #RMA jersey :("
eng	negative	"@ButDinero your so fake I texted you :("
eng	negative	"@Earl_Wolf24 not you :("
eng	negative	"♥ [ENG] ♥ - Let's talk, since can't stream games :(: http://t.co/bkNxSZfjm6"
eng	negative	"@RuneMagique chance :("
eng	negative	"Snapchat me - JaclinTiler #snapchat #snapchat #teens #models #likeforlike #mpoints #hotfmnoaidilforariana :( http://t.co/xxuygooKcq"
eng	negative	"@superslothjai hi, can you do me some dms with luke please??:("
eng	negative	"@AmandaT_Photo @OandtheFoxes really wanted to but ran out of time :("
eng	negative	"i hate waking up in the middle of my sleep :("
eng	negative	"he he he :("
eng	negative	"@rupexo @LordOfTheMics fuckkk it's a Wednesday :("
eng	negative	"@PetiteMistress DO IT! I want to start one for making small games, but I feel like I need to get a jump start before asking for support :("
eng	negative	"Justin where are you ? :( @justinbieber"
eng	negative	":( :( I'm gonna cry"
eng	negative	"@IanHallard @ArtsTheatreLDN I'm really excited but also really sad because once again I won't be able to see it :("
eng	negative	"I can't finish my Sanum today! :( #LLAOLLAO #Dessert but too full"
eng	negative	"@jxstkatie @TheSvante i want foood :(("
eng	negative	"Last day :("
eng	negative	"#UberIceCream was super! But we didnt get the glares :( @Uber_Pune"
eng	negative	"@ffyeahh i don't know how to do vines :("
eng	negative	"@selenagomez you was Tweetin earlier this morning &amp; i wasn't here :( sad mood all the day :("
eng	negative	"sunggyu has a plaster on his elbow.... is it from the fall? :-("
eng	negative	"@ughimnotsam i am in the middle of figuring out how to choreo :(( next time girl!!"
eng	negative	"@Afooo93 😭 this is me thinking she was well offensive, how can you laughing :("
eng	negative	"@NEEDTOBREATHE love you..sad I wasn't up front :("
eng	negative	"YEYY finally but my HD brows kit is broken slightly :(( @cohorted http://t.co/5CNhhfJpnJ"
eng	negative	"@alexandraloisee Monday until wednesday, g na girl!!!! :("
eng	negative	"Babe :("
eng	negative	"I miss everyone omg :( school sux :("
eng	negative	"@gelcababa enjoy :("
eng	negative	"Add my KIK : nothaveld765 #kik #hornykik #edm #sexy #likeforfollow #hannibal #camsex :( http://t.co/EHtsuDdRuA"
eng	negative	"new mosquitoe bites :("
eng	negative	"@CRMDKS are you into kinky shit--- we hsould justget married already : ("
eng	negative	"really dont wanna go home today :("
eng	negative	"@Idamelatim you la :((("
eng	negative	"when nothing like us comes up on shuffle :(("
eng	negative	"@notch hmm. I have been thinking about getting one for a while. Might get one inte future. I really miss buckling springs :("
eng	negative	"Ah Millz askies :( "@_Millzxy3D: so you come back and awusasho ? :'( @Nessa_Mbeki""
eng	negative	"@sainsburys guys a really unlucky one. The driver and I briefly checked eggs but my other half spotted this : ( http://t.co/WpCqJHhBVk"
eng	negative	"Tired :("
eng	negative	"im greatful that i can still see u despite of 144p :("
eng	negative	"@pikaiba I LOVE BROOKE I'm just concerned cause his face is all cracked :("
eng	negative	"＠maverickgamer_　July 24, 2015 at 07:32PM 　:("
eng	negative	"＠maverickgamer_　July 24, 2015 at 07:25PM 　:("
eng	negative	"Bored to the max rn :("
eng	negative	"@tudipa Sorry that manage files on external SD card via AirDroid is not supported now (Android 4.4+) :( Google has restricted that."
eng	negative	"@fkluca u are so cute thank u :("
eng	negative	"@MICHAELC24H it's alright... cramps are killing me. :-("
eng	negative	"MAYBE IT'S WRONG TO SAY PLEASE LOVE ME TOO &lt;/3 :("
eng	negative	"@blockedmefat dont unstan tay :( never please"
eng	negative	"@Sibulela_M only white things I have ngeze turn up :( for all white parties I've been to. Have nothing cocktaily and classy 😭😭😭 so stressed."
eng	negative	"@wbuharryy i love you :("
eng	negative	"＠maverickgamer_　July 24, 2015 at 07:24PM 　:("
eng	negative	"I don't want to be stuck inside all day :(("
eng	negative	"@cmonlukey all of them :("
eng	negative	"@BeardOfTsu @LucasWeatherby @ChrisJLatimer @Alex_AMS96 it came crashing down and it hurts inside :("
eng	negative	"✈️2 days and I'm back in rainy UK :-(☔️"
eng	negative	"@peterpalmer52 Hi Peter, We've not had pens for 2 years now. We just can't get them. There's not even spares in the office anymore either :("
eng	negative	"@Biblioticaa I got delayed by guests. Sigh :("
eng	negative	"@riseagainst why you don't come to Barcelona this year? :( won't be able to see you in Madrid or Bilbao..."
eng	negative	"I hate Japanese call him "bani" :( :("
eng	negative	"wish I had a nice booty :-(((("
eng	negative	"Who was next?? Oh yeah Sharyl! Currently don't got no #Shane ta call my own :( http://t.co/mOZlqwvvq0"
eng	negative	"all of my favourite people deactivate :("
eng	negative	"I want to dance rn :("
eng	negative	"im still giddy over d1 :-("
eng	negative	"his smile is so beautiful :( https://t.co/OiAHorQJOb"
eng	negative	"@heidsbland @asos95 yes, after 11 days. With a broken zipper.  Broken beyond repair. :("
eng	negative	"@seanactual You mean you're not offering? :("
eng	negative	"Saturday Classes! :("
eng	negative	"@EE I'm bad and kind of want an IPhone 6 but account says I can upgrade April 2016 too far :( *cont"
eng	negative	"You need to come back to England....:(  @MacHarmon"
eng	negative	"JAMES wore this in my meet and greet :((( http://t.co/MS60gaiIce"
eng	negative	"tempted to eat this whole pack of oreos. need to find the strength not to do so. :("
eng	negative	"When there's  free Wifi networks available but they ain within range :("
eng	negative	"Need ice cream, lolipop, chocolate, kebab, klappertart, cake and need moodboster !!! :("
eng	negative	"Have a shoot tomorrow and haven't been told where and when because the team are only flying in this evening :(  I hate being unprepared."
eng	negative	"@gala_con Sry i have a question , where does the dresscode count , because i dont want to stand in front of closed doors and iam confused :("
eng	negative	"Oh my god :("
eng	negative	"@_CaitlinTierney dnt stab meh :("
eng	negative	"@biebzzur wrocilam :((("
eng	negative	"o otp :( http://t.co/EVislmNp5V"
eng	negative	"Hoping that this is real :(( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Have work in 5 hours... :("
eng	negative	"all time looww(:("
eng	negative	"@Jamie_MARIEbear I've literally just recovered :("
eng	negative	"@haywayne Hi Wayne. We're sorry to hear you're looking to leave :( What's happened to make you want to go?"
eng	negative	"@leighannajohns1 Oh no :( Insurance is for loss/stolen or accidentally damaged devices. Warranty repairs are sent to our repair centre."
eng	negative	"😂😂😂"@Danny_boym: Lol 👌"@sick_fruits: :( @_kydd_que: LMFAOO..So Accurate!!! http://t.co/k4daapzfUz"""
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes Please Fra i am hoping u can pick me :("
eng	negative	"off to the airport :("
eng	negative	"Alive and got to spend more time with Harry and got to tell him stories about James :(( I'm really sad :((("
eng	negative	"@Hayles_101 Dont say that they might steel Otamendi :("
eng	negative	"goodbye ny :( 🚖🗽🌃 http://t.co/uNorqB0mlK"
eng	negative	"awww, STealth Bastard 2 is named STealth Inc on steam too :("
eng	negative	"Therapy was so exhausting.  I just want to lie down somewhere but I can't. :("
eng	negative	"@biobio1993 Don't worry! It's understandable. :( I mean, I totally get why some people block others &amp; that's their choice but sometimes"
eng	negative	"Finally ! I hate it that Switzerland doesn't have a KFC ! :( http://t.co/U1ZU4OOuxV"
eng	negative	"the most common lie in th wolrd is.. i m fyn :-( ..."
eng	negative	"No drop home for me today :("
eng	negative	"@MmeNazty oh no oh no wrong end of the state :("
eng	negative	"I genuinely keep having nightmares about results day Fam :((((((((("
eng	negative	"@robinpatrickm why won't he talk to me :("
eng	negative	"@Cas_Audio noooooooooooooooooo. This cannot be a thing. :-( :-( x"
eng	negative	"ok im going now if i have wifi or 3g ill be on but for now bye :("
eng	negative	"Good luck :(( https://t.co/39G210gq4y"
eng	negative	"@zoellaftmendes i'm gonna miss your tweet in my tl :( always here if u come back!"
eng	negative	"I smile to hide the pain (: :("
eng	negative	"@NotFaulty Christ, what's with the scale on those deck chairs? This art is killing my head, man. :("
eng	negative	"@Kimberly_171 aw yk i wish i could :( , go to sleep babe you need your resy"
eng	negative	"Pray :( https://t.co/T1OVu6r9wT"
eng	negative	"@perfect_st0rms omg nooo you should have said hi! :(((("
eng	negative	"@GabyWhittlenew no way!!!! Aww :( such a funny time that"
eng	negative	"My phone is so shit, it always runs out of memory :( ...2 many nudes"
eng	negative	"@LimarDotA bruh :("
eng	negative	"nooo :(  I wasn't prepared http://t.co/4sZYb7zFwv"
eng	negative	"@critalks @batwife sorry :( I'll let you know if I see any ♡"
eng	negative	"Locked out my own house :("
eng	negative	"@LaraKBaker Great view! It's a shame about the weather though :-("
eng	negative	"sold out :( https://t.co/QtC9tfSPQU"
eng	negative	"I just wanna sleep :("
eng	negative	"@thevinnythepooh @jefflacs been praying that for years, but to no avail :(("
eng	negative	"fbc is messing up :( dm? @blueberryjham"
eng	negative	"@daftatonix I thought we were friends :("
eng	negative	"Add me on KIK - mork873 #kik #kikgirl #kikhorny #snapchat #addmeonsnapchat #premiostumundo #hotspotwithdanris :( http://t.co/r5fMnyWyUf"
eng	negative	"@thnksfrdllnwks I KNOW :("
eng	negative	"@IKILLSNOW okay :((((("
eng	negative	"@GuadaSSanchez YOU KILLED IT :("
eng	negative	"@mz_chocl8bear dude I didn't get the dm :("
eng	negative	"At the hospital :("
eng	negative	"Food poisoning again! :(((("
eng	negative	"Sone produce from my Potager...my tomatoes have blight :-(  Big changes for next year."
eng	negative	"This was in Sheffield :( I miss him so mych http://t.co/kgpUCPTdAx"
eng	negative	"@nichotine_ but the dress is pretty :("
eng	negative	"@beigemarauder shiiit :( so sorry"
eng	negative	"IM NOT SCREENSHOTTING IM SO PROUD OF MYSELF :((("
eng	negative	"most of the prompts being claimed so far are kinda... like i've aready read something similar :( soulmate au, canon... zzz..."
eng	negative	"How careful do you actually have to be with a black box? :("
eng	negative	"Well summers over then :( knew it wouldn't last we do live in Britain ☺️😂😁 http://t.co/GKFgw0Khy6"
eng	negative	"Moodboster :( @febrianadwita mana?"
eng	negative	"@trcpqveen i love you, my lil baby :("
eng	negative	"@monaarcmunoz. Please :("
eng	negative	"Need to finish all hws ugh :("
eng	negative	"@MartinaSancehz Jouch. Por que? :("
eng	negative	"liceooooo :("
eng	negative	"30 minutes and counting just to pass through the EDSA AYALA tunnel... And am still not completely out. :("
eng	negative	"Very upset that @Uber promised us free ice cream but didn't mention it's only in city centres #ThatsCold #UberIceCream :("
eng	negative	"I'm still awake :( feeling like I need to delete 80% of people on my snap."
eng	negative	"my group for Lourdes does not bang:( why :("
eng	negative	"@eleena_pv @apuchades I'm sorry :("
eng	negative	"@choivernope why not? :( yes I'll stream~"
eng	negative	"Rain like cats and dogs..... Can't go anywhere.. Water on the road everywhere.. :("
eng	negative	"#Showbox the only thing that works is that naruto cartoon lets keep fingers crossed this isnt the end for our favourite work companion :("
eng	negative	"My face is so skinny in that picture omg :( why did i get fAt"
eng	negative	"I can barely feel my under boob :("
eng	negative	"zzzz missed my stop :("
eng	negative	"Take me back to Dubai :("
eng	negative	"5SOS Calum5SOS Luke5SOS Ashton5SOS I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ Do NOT disappoint me. :("
eng	negative	"The night when everybody starts to remember they have homework that is due tomorrow... :("
eng	negative	"Bad news My Laribuggy... :( BUT I know one of the top10 was injured &amp; has been on medication, so... https://t.co/iEbaTUv6sW"
eng	negative	"When you have to make do with no nutella :( http://t.co/gm5Q0AProo"
eng	negative	"And he didn't even get to spend much time  with him :(( and he loses him, I wish anything could've happened if it mean Sirius could stay +"
eng	negative	"BECAUSE THAT'S YOUR GOAT MINO : ("
eng	negative	"didnt took photos with you :-("
eng	negative	"@ARGA_naut frudging cant chill :(:(:(:("
eng	negative	"@irisharry_ Awww no :( I didn't mean to make you sad! - Mike"
eng	negative	"@wydbaylee i just need to put on some clothes n stuff n then i can be right w u to do stuff for u :("
eng	negative	"@Rhianne_97 can you believe I actually just went home and sat about for half an hour and went work, I lost the numbers to ring anyway bbz :("
eng	negative	"Aw :/ Angeke sbali! "@Ami_Khang: Euuuwwww @Andile_SS Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-( http://t.co/1nPlTqukIY""
eng	negative	"Can you guys help us reach 1K?  It would mean so much  Because if you do, we will do our best to give Harry Styles solo dm.. :(  -Nelle."
eng	negative	"@jasminew0w Ik come take care of me :("
eng	negative	"i miss you to death :(( @SMtajanlangit http://t.co/7Hal7PTTAN"
eng	negative	"@ItsMeCindyE i miss you :(( hahaha"
eng	negative	"I need to sleep... :("
eng	negative	"@ImJoanneT ah jaysus! :("
eng	negative	"@jimmehy2 @WWESuperCardFAQ Who's jealous? This guy right here! :-("
eng	negative	"2 people are dead :(((((("
eng	negative	"I no longer like toast :("
eng	negative	"@jenolixx i hate it, insecurities go away pls :((("
eng	negative	"@notakimchi @LexasArmy but.. buti thought  ure my poop friend :("
eng	negative	"@cuffyochickenn 😭 there's just no love anymore :("
eng	negative	"Why the most Gorgeous, sexy, hot, amazing angel  @angelcandice  aren’t still shooting in Rome?  @victoriassecret :("
eng	negative	"Bad throat and now a cold too :("
eng	negative	"@LanaParrilla because you don't like me :(("
eng	negative	"@_eshaaax I missed youuu too :(("
eng	negative	"Llama, are u sick? :( pls take care of urself #GetWellSoonAmber @llama_ajol"
eng	negative	"i miss you already :-("
eng	negative	"@FercanY @BenjaminHarvey Rip Heath Ledger :("
eng	negative	"no more of being 'high all the time' :((((((((((( this is v sad"
eng	negative	"@RealKrisTravis it came crashing down and it hurts inside :("
eng	negative	"Now if only it had an app... Stupid Apple, not giving apps permission to do that &gt;:("
eng	negative	"i can't be there for you anymore &amp; i'm sorry bc of me , you're not yourself anymore :-("
eng	negative	""@aula_jr: @Jude_Mugabi I'm watching it. 2-0 Madrid leads." Supersport ain't showing it :-("
eng	negative	"@monifizzle hahah no boys came for my milkshake :("
eng	negative	"Haven't played Witcher 3 in two months. Exactly! And don't really feel like going back. Wish I'd fallen in love with it. :("
eng	negative	"I wanna watch papertown again :("
eng	negative	"Bale :("
eng	negative	"k dots. :("
eng	negative	"i dont want to come home :("
eng	negative	"@mcbride_alex sad times im gettin ready for a 9 hour shift :("
eng	negative	"I mean i'm drunk in México city. :("
eng	negative	"very tired :("
eng	negative	"@roguefond @solarfIarefic i miss her too where is she :("
eng	negative	"Did you play Bahay Bahayan when you were a kid? If yes what is your... — Yes. Pero magisa ko lang :( #Sadlyf #Bunso http://t.co/On2ijrtaxY"
eng	negative	"someone take me to see inside out please :("
eng	negative	"Y can't I sleeeeep  :-("
eng	negative	"babe :( http://t.co/waZjxi7TQa"
eng	negative	"@scfcjase  sorry I want to write AstonVilla . :( But Berigaud and Bakar are very good choice for your club."
eng	negative	"@roguefond me too :("
eng	negative	"@crazynovely Not today dear :("
eng	negative	"How sad what happened in Louisiana...:("
eng	negative	"@MissRoosj please do it &lt;3 nobody streams this game for me :("
eng	negative	"I'll so busy with school :(("
eng	negative	"I just watched a video about a girl being "allergic" to the sun :( that's depressing"
eng	negative	"They playing Blaine's acoustic version of "Teenage Dream' excuse me while I cry :("
eng	negative	"@bowserrh got a hernia :( in pain!"
eng	negative	"IDK how many of us are being "doctored" with this toxin. when will we have the freedom to go organic :( https://t.co/LGCx3ifqC7"
eng	negative	"I got in my feels and Ariel body slapped me literally body slammed me :("
eng	negative	"There were so many bees :("
eng	negative	"@jlawrencly @homemade @sainsburys I'm not staying home :( I'm going out at 3 my timing so maybe when I'm back?"
eng	negative	"Unknown Feelings :("
eng	negative	"so hard to not have contacts and you want to talk to people :("
eng	negative	"@KBedders @guardianmusic oh my goodness this made me so sad :( #finddjderek"
eng	negative	"That guy smells very uuughhhh. Grabe ka power :("
eng	negative	"Wheres my gf :-("
eng	negative	"She must be very tired :(("
eng	negative	"@DefianceGame Poor bastard :("
eng	negative	"James_Yammouni I bet $20 that you will follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ Do NOT disappoint me. :("
eng	negative	"i smell like you :-("
eng	negative	"@altontowers The Smi.... oh wait... :(  Just kidding, Nemesis still rules!"
eng	negative	"I know :( askies "@Titus3D: @Nessa_Mbeki hai that's what u said last time""
eng	negative	"@biobio1993 ohh. :( well, you know where to find me if you change your mind. (but maybe it's not even someone I'm close with so... xD)"
eng	negative	"@feraltwirler  Doesnt sound appealing   :-((("
eng	negative	"neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeein! :("
eng	negative	"@harryetlou louis' lil smile im so saaaad :(((("
eng	negative	":( :( :( when pay day doesn't make you any less poor :( :( :("
eng	negative	"Not seeing her for 4 weeks :(("
eng	negative	"Like it was hanging up why havent the creases "falling out" of it:(:( so sad"
eng	negative	"homed &amp; omg I'm so tanned!!! :-("
eng	negative	"@kbreeezy__ :( and nope haha she flies out of Dallas"
eng	negative	"@Emma_Nichols90 supposed to rain on the weekend too :("
eng	negative	"ya i did :-( https://t.co/peQqNxkDj0"
eng	negative	"*walks infront of beato*  * was called " tim!!! " 100 times*   FAMOUS BROTHER PROBS. :(("
eng	negative	"We had a minha for like a day :("
eng	negative	"@thefreejinn @Blush_Channel deleicious food followed by sound 8 hrs. sleep for which i never get time :("
eng	negative	"@lawrenceispichu yeah :( and always here! 💕"
eng	negative	"at the airport :(( http://t.co/la1iwsZj52"
eng	negative	"@court_skinner12 @influenclifford @Arianas_Bliss he blocked her on Twitter :("
eng	negative	"leaving pcb :-("
eng	negative	"Final ep of GoT, here we go. :("
eng	negative	"Seen 2 peregrines today 8.40 one had pigeon in its feet so lucky to see them again! flew over tram stop but didn,t hav phone to take pic :-("
eng	negative	"@jeffer_jen @LloydPfc nope but just had another check today and I have a hernia :("
eng	negative	"guess who's spent half an hr sitting outside her apt building bc she left her keys at work?  I hope someone needs to leave this bldg soon :("
eng	negative	"@camerondallas too hard to get a notice from youu :(("
eng	negative	"@RichelleMead it's being more than enough since you wrote the dark swan series, won't you ever write a fifth book? I'm dying! 3 years now :("
eng	negative	"@theemilygrayxo Mmmmm if i wasn't at work i would babe :( X"
eng	negative	"@imNadies I need my avi dude.. :("
eng	negative	"so alone :-( http://t.co/R6kMtPHPF4"
eng	negative	"@NICKIMINAJ nicki follow me please :("
eng	negative	"@russophobes :( fucjikg disgusting"
eng	negative	"#BuyNotAnApologyOniTunes isn't avalible in Denmark :(... Could someone please gift it to me? im frustrated"
eng	negative	"@maddylovve_ @kriseldagarza no she's talking about me lmao :("
eng	negative	"my throat hurts like hell nw :-(("
eng	negative	"first day of sch and i miss sharing a class w jeslyn already :-("
eng	negative	"72 and counting.  :( http://t.co/9xWKegCy6W"
eng	negative	"@Techverse_in i was rooting :( kuch nahi hua"
eng	negative	"Terrible day. I've been bitching at newbies trying to get them to think for themselves &amp; search for help. Only one gave me crap about it. :("
eng	negative	"@byunboobs come back :-((((("
eng	negative	"I really need a miracle happen today :(  4th win please.."
eng	negative	"@mikecom17 Oh that's not good Linda :( Have you tried clicking on the option to change the pin?"
eng	negative	"Craving chicken wings :("
eng	negative	"@phillyc13 :( love you"
eng	negative	"@Uber epic fail on the #UberIceCream page wont even load :-("
eng	negative	"@andylimko thank you sa bracelet. Ang ganda!! :((( 💗💗💗"
eng	negative	"@NinaBejar nux hinanap ako! Yes, told ya I have no load :(( uy check fbc grabe my sched anyare"
eng	negative	"Co “@AusiDineo_: I would entertain such tbh "@ImKhweziN: "Hey, remember me?" typa weather :("”"
eng	negative	"Any twitter buddies able to do a 5 minute transparency job? I am shit at photoshop :("
eng	negative	"Still haven't decided how I want my name on my planner :( Please helpppp"
eng	negative	"@DJEternalRefuge I WANNA TAKE A SELFIE CAUSE IM WEARIG DRI BUT GOT ALOT OF PEOPLE INSIDE THE BUS :-("
eng	negative	"@EmperorJepp yeah, they are just the next prey :( poor girls"
eng	negative	"I feel so gross. Like sick. And my tummy hurts. :( I wanna go home. — feeling drained"
eng	negative	"@morealtitude #ausfailia haha! I am missing out on snow :( &amp; live footy. But flight gets in day before the game that counts,2nd ye in a row!"
eng	negative	"m&amp;m's and kitkat please :(((("
eng	negative	"@R_steeez12 really sad I didn't get to see you guys on bday  :("
eng	negative	"@casterogue @KristineMayor :((((( no money 😩😩😩😢"
eng	negative	""@hallarkd: @haxllaark @hallahup_ @pxleehalla @hallakuma @hallashi guys :( http://t.co/gXI974Xj63"saoloh -_-"
eng	negative	"@AlexandraBjelk suger :("
eng	negative	"Olivia can't read oh my god :( #b&amp;s"
eng	negative	"@SeaveyDaniel I've been supporting you since the audition of american idol and until now.. ugh you still don't notice me :("
eng	negative	"@JoshTheFiend but I am a virgin. :("
eng	negative	"@Jeyneus I'm used to foot injurys now lol .. My appendix burst a while ago so it's not appendicitis .. They just told me I have a hernia :("
eng	negative	"@gotshinee yeahh :(( but it's so hard esp. they're not doing well on digital charts cries"
eng	negative	"@SWlZZ well ... Fack ... looks like I won't be able to touch NHL 15 ever again :("
eng	negative	"Hays :("
eng	negative	"@JamesRussellFFC @Stormzy1 no g i cant afford it :("
eng	negative	"I really miss you :("
eng	negative	"praying for you , KHAMIS ... :( ... https://t.co/cX9MmWnRA4 #Kadhafi"
eng	negative	"I wanna go to my favorite spot &amp; watch the sun rise but that's all the way across town :("
eng	negative	"ugh I reaaly don't know what to do. :( -ja"
eng	negative	"@thenomimo Sorry for the delay Naomi :("
eng	negative	"@hannah_arias modern contemporary... thats why :("
eng	negative	"i messed up big time :("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? KIK : slacke565 #kik #kikmeguys #blonde #kikchat #sexy #mpoints #kiksexting :( http://t.co/LReixn2h5o"
eng	negative	"Jahat :("
eng	negative	"@Kimberly_171 my poor baby :("
eng	negative	"I would entertain such tbh "@ImKhweziN: "Hey, remember me?" typa weather :(""
eng	negative	"but, i know that i can't :("
eng	negative	"@iamnonexistent oh dear :( that discount though!"
eng	negative	"@harIeyyquinn i cant now bc im going thorpe park 5 days after my bday :(( but now idk what to do instead"
eng	negative	": ( the goats got scared of me"
eng	negative	"@_payneourdaddy I miss them :("
eng	negative	"@FluffyBearsPS3 u never call :("
eng	negative	"@neon27164907 i left :("
eng	negative	"@EmmaLK Yeah I guessed as much. :( Hope they decide to play nicely for you."
eng	negative	"esnho: Why the "NODE15 - Advanced DirectX11 Shading Workshop P2" is uploaded and removed? :("
eng	negative	"Blackberry is such a shitty mobile :( #PovertyYouAreEvil"
eng	negative	"Help God :("
eng	negative	"i think I'm getting sick :("
eng	negative	"Really struggling painting with my finger :("
eng	negative	"Math test result :(("
eng	negative	"I love you, how but you? @Taecyeon2pm8 did you feel the same? Emm I think not :("
eng	negative	"Ouch. That hurt :("
eng	negative	"@Red_Doom @Twymaan you lied to me :( You said you could t drink :("
eng	negative	"@Phonemast Ah must have missed that. Still no sign of any data network in #Elgin yet though :-("
eng	negative	"HAY WAITING GAME AGAIN... WAITING FOR MY VAVA :( I'M HUNGRY NA!! @ebymcpgl"
eng	negative	"@tinfinities oh no she isn't :(((( but yes makati!!"
eng	negative	"One day :( 💛 https://t.co/QtJBLWWLhy"
eng	negative	"@satabengdagat omg same baon ko for a week was soup and i would soak bread until it was mush?? :((("
eng	negative	"I'm missing the game :( they'd better show it later"
eng	negative	"I miss Matt and he's coming home 14 days before I do, so I don't know if he's going to be there when I get back :(("
eng	negative	"Raining again :("
eng	negative	"Is it September yet? I need OUAT back :(("
eng	negative	"oh well won't be going the beach :( horrible blinkin weather"
eng	negative	"@ianrobo1 Other than players that is :("
eng	negative	"@moontwink one of the best couples :("
eng	negative	"@StreetFighter Still not working :("
eng	negative	"@RealMichelleW unblock me on Instagram :("
eng	negative	"headack badly tension eritation :("
eng	negative	"@endohope thanks for your answer! I am feeling so frustrated :( I will try to change my perspective"
eng	negative	"I'm using all my time just to chat with u but u don't seem like u want to chat with me :("
eng	negative	"@harryetlou harry: "so we don't forget any of our songs to add to the wedding playlist :(" *louis endlessly blushing n batting his eyes*"
eng	negative	"@prattmouserat poor kiddo :("
eng	negative	"My Rumbelle feels are just too overwhelming... :(("
eng	negative	"Can't believe I still saw a lot of trash thrown irresponsibly during the Pakighinabi session. :("
eng	negative	"why not pinkfinite huhu :( #더쇼 #에이핑크 @SBS_MTV"
eng	negative	"@LBHCRM hi beb :  ( i have a really bad migraine. sorry i wasn't on a lot today but i'm in a lot of pain : ( i'm gonna rest more. i love you"
eng	negative	"so I was driving home rn and I almost ran over a coyote :( shit scared the fuck outta me."
eng	negative	"@ellierowexo in this weather, are you mad? &amp; work :( 😒😒"
eng	negative	"Headache :("
eng	negative	"oh my head #인피니트 save me :((((((((((("
eng	negative	"my precious baby baechu :-(((((("
eng	negative	"Emotionally tired :((("
eng	negative	"@kitteninlaces aww, baby :("
eng	negative	"I never see you @JackJackJohnson @jackgilinsky :( #CalibraskaEP"
eng	negative	"@TotTeaOnah what r u talking about I still am :("
eng	negative	"@CyrilleeJeeff i feel yah :("
eng	negative	"@KEEMSTARx yo dude. Fancy helping a fan out? I wanna grow a yt channel but can't purchase an Elgato :("
eng	negative	"no one wants to go to ant man with me :("
eng	negative	"Expect the UNEXPECT ... :(  #BESTFriend"
eng	negative	"@Saurabh_tri I'm okay.. Mom was doing well all this while but day before yesterday she fainted due to low bp and now she is having fever :("
eng	negative	"@mxszwxrx "all along it was a fever, " :("
eng	negative	"So apparently it's no shower friday at the subway and no one was kind enough to tell me. Not cool guys! :("
eng	negative	"Please keep him in your prayers. He's very fragile. I can't even cry, I feel like I've done too much of that this week already. :("
eng	negative	"@pagodane @HakubiRedwinter I know, right? sure, they will leave a huge gap in comic plots :("
eng	negative	"last summer vacation with my family im emotional :("
eng	negative	"@DestinyNews_net Bungie not nice to us folk in the rest of the world. :("
eng	negative	"Well I broke another Raspberry Pi :("
eng	negative	"New shoes please :("
eng	negative	"@dumplinghoya I've been wanting to change it to only woohyun one but sunggyu makes me feel guilty :("
eng	negative	"monica just went to davao. :( luckyyyy"
eng	negative	"Almost is not enough. Confidence is not enough. I'm not enough. Good night. :("
eng	negative	"@Jae0409 cuz I thought we could ask team snapchat to make live for the concert since its last concert for EUNHAE :("
eng	negative	"Crap!! I misplaced my phone. :("
eng	negative	"i miss you too den :(((  https://t.co/sIvKwcomiZ"
eng	negative	"I miss my baby dae and bap so much :-("
eng	negative	"@yokotaso_modoki  I'm not good at Japanese likewise, either :("
eng	negative	"@_irwinstagram I'll give you Liam solo DM for Dylan :(( pls?:("
eng	negative	"@BellsIsMine what happened? :("
eng	negative	"will u follow me back again? :((( huehue @SeaveyDaniel"
eng	negative	"also u can't make rice krispy treats without marshmallows &gt;:(("
eng	negative	"@seungwannabe take care of urself :(((("
eng	negative	"My body is srsly so tired but I can't sleep :-("
eng	negative	"@jenalive11 @TonightAlive and me :("
eng	negative	"#Birmingham #m5m6junction heading to #soulsurvivor15 #stafford slow progress :-( http://t.co/seHTxVttAe"
eng	negative	"idk why I think my follow is a gift :("
eng	negative	"@practicallyhaz same :(. now it's a mixture of being so proud of them for how far they've come but also missing those days :("
eng	negative	"Ang inactive ko. Shems :(("
eng	negative	"@TheOGB @plasticniki @iggigg @J4PE5 dude, watch the language :("
eng	negative	"The state of my hair :( http://t.co/wnODE8EZzI"
eng	negative	"i miss someone :("
eng	negative	"I wanna watch Paper Towns!! :(("
eng	negative	"@glennlondey @CarltonFC looking that way :("
eng	negative	"Practice sad lage :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - ramd #kik #kikme #talk #lesbian #oralsex #video #sexual :( http://t.co/Ty5Uar0Rmy"
eng	negative	"@VMilas dont  really know sorry.:( try opening in paint and save as."
eng	negative	"@CatWormstein Youre getting famous :("
eng	negative	"It's my last day working with the munchkin today...:(...bought her a little parting gift...so far… https://t.co/0xSWksXs2t"
eng	negative	"@Aimeemuthoni I miss you :( Still in Juja?"
eng	negative	"Short Talk! Last Day Of Beach :(: http://t.co/sStJosDrNZ via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"@rinshilah i asked Mr Murugan, i hope he handles the trip this year. If dia reply i bgtau. Yeah i wanna go too :( i harap my mom bagi! Aminn"
eng	negative	"I also wanna go to the beach with my best fraand :( I might need a new friend before December so we can go on holiday 😬"
eng	negative	"i am crying here watching bigbang on my tl :(("
eng	negative	"i had steak a lot when i was younger and the fat makes me g*g :("
eng	negative	"Sian ah where to go now anybody want to meet :-("
eng	negative	"@AndyFales @GustoPizzaDM I wish I could have pizza delivered to me at 5am... :("
eng	negative	"whats wrong with my nose :("
eng	negative	"Add me on Snapchat : NicoleaPage #snapchat #kiksex #kikmeboys #makeup #kikmeboys #free #camsex :( http://t.co/iVcyNmm8vP"
eng	negative	"@NICKIMINAJ im trying not to fall asleep  :("
eng	negative	"@scottybev I'm not surprised, that sounds hellish! Why would you do such a thing? :("
eng	negative	"I'm  thirstyyyy :("
eng	negative	"Bad dreams :("
eng	negative	"but it isnt today :(( http://t.co/D0W4ts9l2l"
eng	negative	"@loststhewar its kinda true :("
eng	negative	"I get sad every time I think about it... Now I got chesties :( https://t.co/KcnI2lMB5J"
eng	negative	"Dad says he wanna eat Nando's for dinner tmr :("
eng	negative	"@holyperrieeele i only gave you 22 because you have the rest???? :( i can give you a solo dm??"
eng	negative	"@OhHeyItsAJ Bow down bitches to the queen of the world!!!! :((("
eng	negative	"No one is brave enough to watch all my snapchat story :("
eng	negative	"assignments :("
eng	negative	"@toriellis_xo hahah im not even joking :( you going MADE?xx"
eng	negative	"so upset hen is going to leeds and not reading, the RDD is dissipating :("
eng	negative	"@koolaidkiller18 no idea why :("
eng	negative	"@BMACRM i don't know . . i'm sorry, let me make it up to you ? : ("
eng	negative	"Getting pumped :(  https://t.co/hb7eR51JdX"
eng	negative	"Capeee :((("
eng	negative	"@xjisoobelle no money :("
eng	negative	"@lyjenny_ haha its in Japan :( Sorry love!"
eng	negative	"@GrudgeReinhold me too :("
eng	negative	"@Ohioleh noo. he's a random person in my class :("
eng	negative	"@chenonceaus @YoMadridismo we are young, we will outlive him &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@katiemac49 Going for x-rays and a dental on Monday to check out her spine...nothing they can do about it though apart from pain relief :("
eng	negative	"Popol day too :("
eng	negative	"my stomach is killing me :((("
eng	negative	"@KOVENuk Aww. Poor frog :("
eng	negative	"these are three of my favourite pictures i took of brad :-( i miss tour so much http://t.co/vlB3nXEDk6"
eng	negative	"LOOKING FOR GEN.AD. BETTER IF THE PRICE CAN BE NEGOTIABLE :(((( CAN SOMEONE HELP ME :((((( , HUHUHUHUHU #BBMADEinManila  #FindaVIP"
eng	negative	"Photo: boyirl: :( http://t.co/DphfgsuG1i"
eng	negative	"Yasss. Still dont get paid til August 6th :( lol still got hella clothes though"
eng	negative	"@HiddlesSupport So much :("
eng	negative	"@Kellipage17 I've only been a fan of 5SOS since early June last year :( And I really hate that… I get so upset over it. Not that my parents"
eng	negative	"@leiwaleyn @sophiasam013 miss you too laine :("
eng	negative	"@ImJoanneT Ahh no what did you get done?? I hope you're okay :("
eng	negative	"i'm so tired :("
eng	negative	"I have a bad sleep difficiency :("
eng	negative	"@SkyHelpTeam I have been a customer for 20 years. My Internet is no why near the speed it should be. It's so so slow :("
eng	negative	"I want to ESCAPE please :("
eng	negative	"Yeah guys, don't b mean to rapists!!! They have feelings too :( :( :( :( not like they committed a crime or anything https://t.co/Ifwuz7Wl5j"
eng	negative	"Bachpan Ki Yaadein :- Missing Old Days :( http://t.co/g3ytUH4nU7"
eng	negative	"@beckyeh sadly no :( i'm flying Finnair from Heathrow this time cos Norwegian was too expensive :\"
eng	negative	"Car batteries are so expensive :(. I hope I get a new life with it"
eng	negative	"@tyde_mobile @ProductHunt please don't ask for upvotes :( http://t.co/MT1tFymZGU"
eng	negative	"@zaynsart lucky :("
eng	negative	"@llama_ajol eat and rest well :( you're too tired.."
eng	negative	"@yashatenshi not a fan of dogs but KEENO :("
eng	negative	"@gracegnolo WHATTHEFUCK they r sick. YOU ARE NOT GROTTY OR AN ATTENTION SEEKER. they have no morality.. KEEP FERN AWAY FROM THEM :(("
eng	negative	"Mimi is such a cute name but it feels weird when I use it as my name :(("
eng	negative	"mum left me and went bali for work :(((((( shes the only one who i talk to most"
eng	negative	"@gunthercollier but i wanna go :("
eng	negative	"I can't ever listen to @PARTYOMO the same again :("
eng	negative	"be back in my life :("
eng	negative	"Loving someone way tooo much .. :( #whyyy"
eng	negative	"I said i'd fall asleep early today...yesterday??? But now i'm just really hungry :("
eng	negative	"SO MUCH EDITING TO DO. SO LITTLE TIME. :-("
eng	negative	"pleaseeeee. :("
eng	negative	"Brb  lowbat :( #OTWOLGrandTrailer"
eng	negative	"I'm getting back into a funk. :( ugh this sucks."
eng	negative	"@Uber the app isn't working :( #wewanticecream"
eng	negative	"Sweat look omg :(("
eng	negative	"@sabfkhan @tyde_mobile @ProductHunt please don't ask for upvotes :( http://t.co/MT1tFymZGU"
eng	negative	"Awww i thought it was today :( https://t.co/JK8xRlW6IF"
eng	negative	"Eugh :( not good weather at all! https://t.co/3NaRSAzIL1"
eng	negative	"@feltonbiebs Sara is, i still speak to her occasionally but i think Izzy's left twitter now :("
eng	negative	"Bored sa Dorm :(("
eng	negative	"@yashatenshi OMG NO :-(((((("
eng	negative	"@messiluonel still have one more week ffs :("
eng	negative	"streams are just awful for me lately.... choppy and terrible. there is no point in my staying up, i have to wait for the YT video anyway :("
eng	negative	"@howarth_83 Hi Paul, that's not good to hear :( Can you DM some more information about what happened when you contacted us?"
eng	negative	"@tv3midday Aw no.... was just about to switch over :-("
eng	negative	"i wanted to stay up till infinite's win but it's 5:30am already :("
eng	negative	"@MartinGarrix CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ALREADY :(("
eng	negative	"And now I can't sleep and I have to be at work in 6 1/2 hours. :("
eng	negative	"@HeartYorkshire Hi,on our way home from Cayton bay with the kids. Had a great time but home time now :( emma jen darcey connor and Olivia xx"
eng	negative	"@VigourWhizzard we haven't spoke in ages :("
eng	negative	"Still can't believe I ripped off my nail :-("
eng	negative	"@sachapeebles_ sorry it was just closest to the door :("
eng	negative	"The biggest blue bottle ever has come into my room...it's his room now :( #roommateexperience"
eng	negative	"he's so cute :("
eng	negative	"@OloapZurc yup. i think so too. gotta avoid BB and IC. I really hope they have a repack :("
eng	negative	"@5sos_solo PLEASE PICK ME IF U WANT MAKE ME HAPPY BC TODAY I'M SICK :("
eng	negative	"@motaspopsicle i don't know :((((("
eng	negative	"Could you please te the members to auto-followback me ? :( thanks @Junjou_RP"
eng	negative	"@nogitsunerd thats bc im v asian  but im a girl :(((((((((((("
eng	negative	"@Emo_Penguin4 :(((((( *sad puppy eyes"
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes fra nobody want to give me a ljp/5 because its so hard to have 1/5 nowdays, pleass pick me? :("
eng	negative	"@pactcoffee Tried that but sadly no code attached when I try and sign up :("
eng	negative	"@LeanneHirst @3Yorkshireteers oh and our conversation was going so well :-("
eng	negative	"@Shannon_Rawrx I wish I was there with you. It would beat being home with a numb mouth after a dentist visit! :("
eng	negative	"@devoncarlscn GOOD. :("
eng	negative	"@vedant_ag @ProductHunt please don't ask for upvotes :( http://t.co/MT1tFymZGU"
eng	negative	""Hey, remember me?" typa weather :("
eng	negative	"I misss you sooo muchhh :("
eng	negative	"Iam fat :("
eng	negative	"I want to back there :("
eng	negative	"Am I really the only one who's annoyed that YouTube got rid of Music tab? I loved that tab :("
eng	negative	"If I get my UCAS email today I can't even get onto Track because it's down for 3 days :("
eng	negative	"i miss u bigtime!!!... :("
eng	negative	"Just another rumor :(  #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"This woman just gave me the warmest greeting, w a chin tickle even, but I think she has the wrong girl :("
eng	negative	":( ♫ Sad by @maroon5 (with zikra, Lusi, and Hasya) — https://t.co/1zKAnQbheZ"
eng	negative	"@_irwinstagram I've been trying for so long for a Dylan solo DM :("
eng	negative	"want chicken nuggets again :("
eng	negative	"@ilykmh soms lu :((("
eng	negative	"City :("
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes please fra choose me this time :("
eng	negative	"@DJ_Browning I'm going to the Olympic stadium tonight in the rain :("
eng	negative	"@indiaquinn I didnt see your/ millie's guinea pigs :(("
eng	negative	"lewis has about 748292 songs we'll never hear :((("
eng	negative	"@JoshMight69Her ur in LA :("
eng	negative	"and ano 22stans :("
eng	negative	"CAN SOMEONE WATCH PAPER TOWNS WITH ME :-("
eng	negative	"@wayhomefestival security won't let us in, say we have to wait until 9...website says entry 24/7 for camping. :(:(:("
eng	negative	"Thankyou sa treat kanina and sorry sa breakdown bc of Sir Mags :(( @ZAIRERR"
eng	negative	"Hateeeee time apart :("
eng	negative	"Me too :-( https://t.co/0jypXAWkx4"
eng	negative	"@proflayla least not lease. Just posted without looking back for what I have written. In hurry to finish my lunch :("
eng	negative	"First attempt at sizing up to 6g's was unsuccessful &amp; now my lil earlobes hurt :((("
eng	negative	"A shame that Rock City worked on that. :-("
eng	negative	"@cpdigdarkroom worst news all day :("
eng	negative	"Sad today is girls day goodbye stage :("
eng	negative	"@peacemakeruk Yes, Sue. It is a bit dreary isn't it? :("
eng	negative	"@selenagomez noooooo I wasn't online when u were tweeting fans :("
eng	negative	"where's denise i miss her :("
eng	negative	"I’d really like to handle Murielle Ahouré’s PR/Brand Image. She’s  missing too many opportunities  :("
eng	negative	"Euuuwwww @Andile_SS Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-( http://t.co/utDMqr0aAV"
eng	negative	"@horan_lyra done, please me :("
eng	negative	"@sophiasam013 @leiwaleyn i hate you both :(((("
eng	negative	"@_irwinstagram Dylan pls :("
eng	negative	"@KimDyvotees ate I can't dm you po :("
eng	negative	"@bluejeanrose WE REALLY NEED THIS PLEASE :( WE ARE BEGGING YOU.."
eng	negative	"@AireyFlamsteed [ also .... I Kath'd you earlier, you never responded :( ]"
eng	negative	"And no i didnt get to finish chopped :("
eng	negative	"@TemerickHarper nothing bored can't sleep :-( wbu?"
eng	negative	"@wonwoolipseu yess hahah pero may activity kme tom at cram week next week :("
eng	negative	"@cloverness :( I hope something holds your interest soon!"
eng	negative	"isco was so close :("
eng	negative	"@louisacasson I unfortunately did – curious that in English on-board announcements they said "trespassers" and in FR "clandestins" :("
eng	negative	"@ItzBabyAlexa :((( love ya 2 😭💖"
eng	negative	"And Muller will not be sold! Was quite obvious though but still had a hope :( #MUFC"
eng	negative	"i’m so sad i want my hair colour back now :("
eng	negative	"stu is mean, i just wanna sleep : ("
eng	negative	"Moviee Buddyyyy :("
eng	negative	"srsly? :( http://t.co/rGqzDaShNJ"
eng	negative	"#feelgoodfriday on the way to camp in the new forest... And it's raining :("
eng	negative	"so i forgot that i had to wake up at 6:30 am to babysit and i stayed up late w jacob last night im so tired :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - opixer805 #kik #kikme #talk #lesbian #oralsex #video #sexual :( http://t.co/rQwzb7W9bp"
eng	negative	"i wanna watch paper town but sadly no one to go w :-("
eng	negative	"Wanna cuddle, but all I have is my pilllow :("
eng	negative	"@AsdaServiceTeam i won't be made a fool of again , if it is like that i will ask her to make me another one :("
eng	negative	"@jenniferseon yo stop bragging not everybody got the skrillah to travel :("
eng	negative	"I can't sleep :("
eng	negative	"@guevarawr pretty sure i drowned myself in ice cream :((("
eng	negative	"@annisabolo done ya gue report :("
eng	negative	""Why do you care so much?"  Ha ha ha ha ha damn that question :( :( :("
eng	negative	"@NiallOfficial from bad to good. My parents were also proud for being me today it's all bc of you guys. Thank you! X NOTICED ME PLEASE :(("
eng	negative	"@neelipar @ASOS95 not yet :( did they find yours eventually?"
eng	negative	"Its my grans funeral today :( Its going to be hard"
eng	negative	"@MissKittyDomme  must make a visit up to the north west its been to long to session miss kitty its 3 years plus :(("
eng	negative	"@cxshtonhemiford Follow me again ? i forgot to followback and you unfollowed me :((("
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes Im always on but you never ever notice me :("
eng	negative	"im so tempted to stream to screenshot sjkaos :(((( no"
eng	negative	"@shiningstarniti r u angry....now m feeling so disappointed..mm...srry.. :("
eng	negative	"I liked a @YouTube video from @kilarzvortex http://t.co/sJmK2LZFxE Stuffy Nose :( (BO2)"
eng	negative	"I wish Honma would win :("
eng	negative	"Yeh Real Madrid walay bhi bohat wailay hain. Pre-season friendly pe itna shor machaya hua hai mein samjha cup final hai :("
eng	negative	"@ShipsterUSA @alwafa @mamdouh733 @MyUS_Shopaholic I would have but I'm still waiting for the email :( check photo. http://t.co/k8uYr8Me57"
eng	negative	"@AndrewKantarias *On a serious Note* you should *100%* reply to my DM that I sent you. Haha 😄👍 Cause it actually is kinda serious... :( 😔😓"
eng	negative	"Isco :("
eng	negative	"@MatthewLush i love you :("
eng	negative	"@FizzaMalick yes sirkay wali pyaaz with daal. or you made daal and just got onions in vinegar :("
eng	negative	"All I've been doing is watch cooking tutorials :( these are not the things I had planned for summer"
eng	negative	"In the middle of Soho and no ice cream! :("
eng	negative	"@NikiNoox Not great right now. I'm feeling wobbly and just want to go home but I can't :("
eng	negative	"@TruDan97 @iphonetips1 @FuzionDroid Hmm i thought I was #1? Well, I'll just go and turn off the server then ... ciao :-("
eng	negative	"Sadly no show of masaan here :(  Will watch this muv after it comes in HD then http://t.co/CcweTaPdEq"
eng	negative	"@nuaine @McDo_PH i have no idea what ure saying :(((((((("
eng	negative	"I hate this day..... :("
eng	negative	"BEAST NEXT WEEK!!! : ("
eng	negative	"I just ate a whole pizza :( idk how to feel about that"
eng	negative	"@georgie_holiday work :("
eng	negative	"hayst :("
eng	negative	"I miss CR!! Feel like going back but can't :("
eng	negative	"Hnnnnnnn he looks so fluffy :( http://t.co/pvGz3j6ZnI"
eng	negative	"@Tigress1412 I miss u so bad :("
eng	negative	"@magicmoon_rp I wanna watch them again too :( maybe when they do comeback shows in Korea... or in Japan. I wanna visit your country"
eng	negative	"so saaad :("
eng	negative	"@junying0312 @shinthongg @khngjiayi I want too :("
eng	negative	"@MissStaceyVee @cathjenkin @Uber_RSA "no ice cream available" :("
eng	negative	"@Y_A_T_E_S Sorry about this. It could be a schedule change :("
eng	negative	"WOW right after i'm done with school (for a short while) my internet decides to act like a bitch :(("
eng	negative	"Nobody cares about optimisation :((("
eng	negative	"@vinylify please don't ask for upvotes :( http://t.co/MT1tFymZGU"
eng	negative	"rain :("
eng	negative	"@ajleestan I want a follow from @BellaTwins :("
eng	negative	"@Tigress1412 soniii kahaaaa u ? No tweets by u make me lonely :("
eng	negative	"Full Shaved :("
eng	negative	"@awfullyariana WELCOME!! AND AW :( I HAVE TO GO BACK NEXT MONTH BUT RN TRYNA GET HEALTHY"
eng	negative	"@sadcuddleashton me too but dont get ur hopes v high bc it might not be real tho :(("
eng	negative	":-( :-( :-( Okay..."
eng	negative	"@SueDixie :( At least it's not freezing outside too. Right?"
eng	negative	"@GeenaEhlich I know fml :("
eng	negative	"ohh that sucks :((( hands you all my jackets!! it's way too warm here and it's making me sleepy 24/7"
eng	negative	"@andrwedwrds stop cyber bullying me :-("
eng	negative	"Isco :((((("
eng	negative	"I already miss her. That old _  _ _ :("
eng	negative	"@ArianaGrande never talks about racial issues :(("
eng	negative	"My house scary AF at night :("
eng	negative	"Need holiday :("
eng	negative	"irene :-("
eng	negative	"Miss living in halls :(:("
eng	negative	"Can't open :-((( is in Stockholm http://t.co/U8ax9LgScE"
eng	negative	"On my life I remember one time a few years ago I changed my avi and lost 72 followers LOOOOOOL :("
eng	negative	"@KenCageRepo Thanks a bunch :( I hope to get training in to be among you. Hopefully find something."
eng	negative	"@ReddBlock1 @MadridGamesWeek Too far away :("
eng	negative	"@Suzy_slutcake I do have plans.. But looking like girl issues may stop play..:-("
eng	negative	"Hungry :("
eng	negative	"@kitokkey sobs that's really sweet of you!! ;__; i'll be busier next week onwards so idk if i'll find time to be ol anymore :("
eng	negative	"I'm sure it's just pure coincidence that my @spotify has done nothing but play up on my iMac since Apple Music launched! &gt;:("
eng	negative	"wish that my grams lived nearer to me :(( I'm going to travel just so that i can see her."
eng	negative	"@abrwnigrl Why don't they play Blaine/Darren song ?? :("
eng	negative	"sorry for always changing my layout :("
eng	negative	"Fuuuuuuuuuck me Jesus &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@mishacollins i have a team on gishwhes but we are 6.. we will be excluded unless we find someone else? :-("
eng	negative	"c looked so happy with her banana socks :("
eng	negative	"@sakuraflower20 why you're upset? Is that something wrong with me? :("
eng	negative	"angelica really pulled out the "I'm going to college in Idaho" card on me :-( I hate her"
eng	negative	"hand hurts :( got down sick movement lmao"
eng	negative	"UGH :( I THOUGHT... @camerondallas http://t.co/KrrqH4aRbw"
eng	negative	"@SANDEUL203092 fine!! :("
eng	negative	"@Froufrou42 No Frou that isn't a bad thing, but neither are all vaccines a good thing.. :(( We all have to learn to get as much information"
eng	negative	"@assthmatic I want the armor piece, it's better than the legendary I have now :("
eng	negative	"@tescomobile I only had the cash on me for 1 :( I forgot to take my bank card and it was too much effort for 2 trips"
eng	negative	"same, the difference is that i am 15 :( https://t.co/R6HhQ0lE5p"
eng	negative	"Miss my dog :("
eng	negative	"I miss you Bestfriend! :( http://t.co/n0ip32JRqf"
eng	negative	"@PureBexcellence Don't do that. :( I'll try to catch you if you do."
eng	negative	"did nat deactivate again :("
eng	negative	"@Cour98_x I feel your heart brake :( no tea in the mornings makes me grumpy for the rest of the day hahaha!x"
eng	negative	"Wrecking my head all night trying to make a decision... 'Sleep on it &amp; then you'll know what to do' I say... Nope still confused :( gahhh!"
eng	negative	"Terible headache :("
eng	negative	"SUNGGYU FELL ON STAGE :("
eng	negative	"@PUKENIHORAN awww kiligs TY :("
eng	negative	"@Joe_Sugg @mrnhrn  that means that you are not going to tweet anything again for a whole week:O :-("
eng	negative	"@_blacktomorrow im so jealous we always planned to go together!!! :("
eng	negative	"im feeling weaker than any other years.... i want to do shravan maas though :("
eng	negative	"he looks so tired i hope he gets some rest :( http://t.co/jaASB4KjE1"
eng	negative	"babe why are you infront of the TV stooooop :((( @crreatura"
eng	negative	"Na gi-guilty akooooooooooooooo :( :'( #imVERYverySORRY for that Mistake ."
eng	negative	"Missing this movie so much :( so hard to find the CD. . . http://t.co/PFqcW3B3iP"
eng	negative	"@Slay__N I need answers :("
eng	negative	"@MoOx Looks really good, but I don't get the greyed out basename, the path is all one colour. :( Using one dark &amp; tomorrow night theme."
eng	negative	"@princessviki13 you're welcome - Shane you don't do online sessions :("
eng	negative	"@RiotQuickshot Good man! Shame he no longer has a Cigar though :("
eng	negative	"speakers on full volume. :("
eng	negative	"So Sad :( https://t.co/GEx8wFhJhy"
eng	negative	"too tired for work this morning :("
eng	negative	"@SnellingD @Uber Having the same problem! :("
eng	negative	"@sequins_ why????? i find it cute anyways :-("
eng	negative	"Offered promethazine or zopiclone for sleep in addition to quetiapine modified release…typically I've just paid out for a prescription :("
eng	negative	"my heart is hurt ... :( :("
eng	negative	"@interpedia_ "Greska" means mistake in Macedonian so...   Just checked if it's similar in Slovak, but it's not :("
eng	negative	"I just want to go out dancing or something. And someone pls taking me hiking :("
eng	negative	"@VoxHiberionacum It most certainly is a theme issue - but we've tested on a range of devices w/ different browsers and OS :-("
eng	negative	"@Jussstify :( zokay (Russian accent)"
eng	negative	"@ICTheatre So sad I didn't manage to get tickets :-("
eng	negative	"Super traffic, I'm sooo scared :("
eng	negative	"7 hours travel time! Ugh! :("
eng	negative	"@Rigan_s @HakubiRedwinter b-but, my favorite thing about gintama is the shinsengumi special chapters :("
eng	negative	"where the FUCK is Andy?!?!?! &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@jakeblackah what ya gotta be like that for :( crapple!  @wigdogg agrees. Android FTW #phandroid"
eng	negative	"@douxVictoriammy hays :("
eng	negative	"@kwonsoonshine :( tline is totally not the same without you, its so weird i mean i used to see u all the time i go online now i barely see u"
eng	negative	"ohh :( 50 people bc it was an orchestra camp, which had bout 100 ppl. and we were all stuck together for 7 hours everyday in rehearsal [ ]"
eng	negative	"@practicallyhaz the bittersweetness :("
eng	negative	"eunji :(((( so pretty"
eng	negative	"Only done with my first week of work and already got work to do on a weekend :("
eng	negative	"BAKIT FACEBOOK! :("
eng	negative	"omg I miss this :-(((((( http://t.co/4uSs5hbOQn"
eng	negative	"@LlivingDead91 damn :( hope u feel better soon"
eng	negative	"@jackjonestv I was 121st in yesterday's Rt for a follow and dm. I got neither :("
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik follow me :(("
eng	negative	"Ehdar pegea panga dosto :(  Open link nd read this news  http://t.co/QjNXZbJyA0 http://t.co/je1E4gboSw"
eng	negative	"＠Real_Liam_Payne please follow me :( i have been waiting for your follow back :( please follow me back or retweet or reply this :("
eng	negative	"@covtelegraph @sarajcox Oh dear, 3/10 :-("
eng	negative	"@lukepottermusic u did not greet me on my birthday :( i even dmed u :'("
eng	negative	"I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://t.co/sStJosDrNZ Short Talk! Last Day Of Beach :("
eng	negative	"@biobio1993 oh no :( if it's someone I'm close with, maybe I can help sort it out? you don't have to tell me though XD but, offer is there!"
eng	negative	"Due to rain the show this morning has been cancelled. Sorry if you made the trip in they canceled very last minute. Boo to the rain :-("
eng	negative	"@marrrrr_13 @mitchgrassi yay he's 23 alreaddyyy :("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - luceleva21 #snapchat #kikgirl #porno #nudes #omegle #countrymusic #sexysasunday :( http://t.co/T8pqZuLaEx"
eng	negative	"naeun :( body goals :("
eng	negative	"I want him to be healthy and happy again, but I don't know if he's gonna make it. :("
eng	negative	"@makalamerry @LijGilmour but it wont be fun if im sick :(("
eng	negative	"Need special medicine for our son's kidneys but we can't afford it because we bought printer ink last week :("
eng	negative	"they are everywhere :( https://t.co/T0VTMpqams"
eng	negative	"@SpoilerTV_BATB that's a shame! I really enjoyed her tweets. :( those that did the bullying should be ashamed of themselves!#ihatesomepeople"
eng	negative	"that means i will be on the low limit table for a while xD :(((("
eng	negative	"City 0-2 madrid :("
eng	negative	"@drcox63 I try, it's just the way my brain is hard-wired. I always feel like I don't do enough :("
eng	negative	"So this Canadian family had the best dinner of their holiday last night @biabistrot. Well done! Enjoyed ours too but we're not on holiday :("
eng	negative	"Got an acne in a day, its really disgusting :("
eng	negative	"@MarielleGeeeeee i want you :((  to make :(( gulo tho :((( kandekjs can i not go to school and still pass i wanna cry hahahah"
eng	negative	"Back home :( (@ Rize Meydan) https://t.co/raRIqmgCJJ"
eng	negative	"I EXPERIENCED HELL FOR 3 FCKING DAYS I CREI :( No internet, no stable free fb connection, no tv, no dormmates :(((((("
eng	negative	"@GAMEHelps I pre ordered BO3 and I got my beta activation code and I went to the COD website to redeem it and it says it's invalid help? :("
eng	negative	"@fkluca both pls :("
eng	negative	"Wag hopia please :(( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"@Maxim_PR I feel a campaign coming on! Although a certain editor has just revealed he is allergic to cats. Boooo! :("
eng	negative	"City a shit :("
eng	negative	"Having a bad headache right before a trip :("
eng	negative	"No extensions :("
eng	negative	"Need to talk to someone rightnow :("
eng	negative	"BTU why don't they give us Blaine Karaoke ?? :("
eng	negative	"I need to get my photo taken for my licence this weekend and I have rly bad acne along my chin and forehead :("
eng	negative	"@louisunshxn just don't do it :(("
eng	negative	"Not the right time for me to get sick :("
eng	negative	"I want to go back to apb not college :("
eng	negative	"rt for 5 free follows ; mbf  ; need more mutuals ❤️ ; kpop accounts only  no rt; hahahaokay :("
eng	negative	"@basara_capcom full i hope basara capcom release for pc :("
eng	negative	"My stomach hurts :("
eng	negative	"@percysnoodle URL? Their new web site design is just *so* easy to use. :-("
eng	negative	"Cute :( https://t.co/fAaZxMaG3u"
eng	negative	"sunggyu at the back :( i wonder if he's okay :( https://t.co/MwLo6RSyHW"
eng	negative	"@nwoje I'm in London in the rain :( but was booking one! Hope you didn't have to hear horrible grumbling about "migrant activity" #gross"
eng	negative	"@madjade24 @bocababy26 :C you don't know? :C daddy doesn't know? &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@ihyrina i feel you girl. :((("
eng	negative	"and then three hours left :("
eng	negative	"No fair you've already had front row I was legit at the back of the stadium :(  https://t.co/c4Z0MdP4ky"
eng	negative	"@bexmader that means 3am for me in Australia :((("
eng	negative	"&lt;3 &lt;3 awsme song &lt;3 :-* :-( :-( :'( http://t.co/IjVWwO32eO"
eng	negative	"can my mum stop picking on my clothes please :-("
eng	negative	"@blingmot go sleep don't stay up for the entire thing u can do more tmw!uwu...well the younger jinki and older taems one :((( all those gifs"
eng	negative	"@amnesiall i love you :("
eng	negative	"My fish is dying and I feel like crying. :("
eng	negative	"@brewdog. Any news about #Cambridge? :-("
eng	negative	"“@Tanithandicraft: @StevensSlateCo Hey! Found you viathe @RNLI retweet! 😊” Brilliant, how's #Cyprus? Awful wet weather here :("
eng	negative	"Lunch. Like a real construction worker :-( http://t.co/84sCIHx8A4"
eng	negative	"@1DLittleSecret i just saw a tweet saying you're going on the 30th :( DAMN I CANT SEE YOU take pictures I want to see my amazing view 😂"
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik please come back! We Love You So Much! &lt;3 :(  #ZaynComeBackTo1D  #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26  #zayniscomingback"
eng	negative	"I miss senior year. :("
eng	negative	"Spazzing on everything soobin dances :("
eng	negative	"So hot :( #summer"
eng	negative	"Why is "27 and unmarried" floating around my TL? I don't need that kind of pressure right now :("
eng	negative	"I'm in my winter boots :("
eng	negative	"Feels like a lifetime ! We finish on the same day :( !! Party time @xBethanyOystonx Xxx"
eng	negative	"Add me on KIK : hiondsheings58543 #kik #hornykik #photo #kikmenow #french #sabadodeganarseguidores #sexdate :( http://t.co/o8q0yUdrE9"
eng	negative	"I miss him :("
eng	negative	"Really don't like Demi's new song/ video :("
eng	negative	"@peanutbutler junjou? Junjou romantica? Why? :("
eng	negative	"Rly sad that I had to rush off when that was the last time I would see everyone :-("
eng	negative	"@Danielle_Isla I could never go there ever after seeing that, so cruel :("
eng	negative	"@OTRRM it's a privilege to get your mixtape from you : ( please sign my forehead for me : ("
eng	negative	"Hey girl you must be Google Plus because I can't convince any of my friex|s to hang out with you. :("
eng	negative	"@Celestalon @healiocentric We need good Taco places in Europe :("
eng	negative	"Shaylan made me call her and she made me miss 4:20 too :("
eng	negative	"@JagexAlfred Blue ones still look too light :("
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik @Real_Liam_Payne I LOVE U BOTH :((((("
eng	negative	"Awww baby Ylona :( awww dream team /("
eng	negative	"http://t.co/ziJiJYLDXT via @youtube...Reality is!! :("
eng	negative	"@BeaMiller are you going to follow me or nah?? Im waitting :(( #NotAnApology"
eng	negative	"@Glam_And_Gore it's noon here where I live so I was like...ouh different timing :("
eng	negative	"got a pay rise….so did the tax man :("
eng	negative	"ohhhh i miss it :(((((((((((( https://t.co/jMGXCQd6S2"
eng	negative	"@iMac_too impossible sir for NM to change the order in one term :("
eng	negative	"NOT AN APOLOGY ME ENCANTA VALE OSEA BEA :-("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.350 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"I have to get ready for work in like 40 mins :("
eng	negative	"Missing my best friend :("
eng	negative	"@_ennyselise i can be :("
eng	negative	"DJ Derek is trending for horrible reasons :( Hope he's found safe and well."
eng	negative	"awwwwwwwwwww shit net low :("
eng	negative	"@DaVincis_Starz sad news, so sorry it will be last season. :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.349 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@MattLevick he didn't score first :("
eng	negative	"@wandersinc i am not :("
eng	negative	"hugs baek tight : ("
eng	negative	"@jrmychan hahah he dunwan to keep me also suan le ba haiz seeing everyone otw rn :("
eng	negative	"@SOLODMHelperrs i dont trade trade harry, sorry, i only have one :("
eng	negative	"i miss venice :("
eng	negative	"My week off work is going far too quick!! :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.348 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"i may look strong, hey :-("
eng	negative	"Really wish I was out to d.c w my friends rn :("
eng	negative	"I hate being an adult sometimes :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.347 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"one tree hill makes me cry a lot 😕:-("
eng	negative	"To com insonia :("
eng	negative	"@shereenstrachan i know them feels :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.346 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Craving for pizza. :("
eng	negative	"@Gotham3 very sad view :("
eng	negative	"Listening to Rick Ross feeling like i am balling knowing damn well my wallet is hella empty. :("
eng	negative	"I miss it already :(((o http://t.co/sbWVwaUyAd"
eng	negative	"@bakkheia_ oh god that was one of the worst heartbreaking episodes ever i hated it :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.345 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@Israelgirly They sure do, esp now when ppl are talking crap about Millie!! &gt;:( I'll go straight to that FB page:)"
eng	negative	"@onikallah why do u care where it is :( it makes no diff"
eng	negative	"@qiefaaa persona 4 normal one... i preferred the golden one though! A lot of new scenes :("
eng	negative	"@Bett_Homes if only we could :( drive pass your advert everyday going work #determination rosebury will be ours #familyhome"
eng	negative	"give chance to other daw :(("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.344 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"I'll sleep better tonight :("
eng	negative	"@wonwoolipseu :((((((((((((((((( iTS OK!!"
eng	negative	"I really am a code monkey :( http://t.co/5vFYrLeeux"
eng	negative	"@sweetbabecake yea i guess so :((("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.343 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@SexyVixen75_ @ED_DURANCE aww sweetie :( Erica is very busy she cant reply to everyone ❤ try not to worry."
eng	negative	"@Sitarai @_shikinrizal_ istg i wanna lick jackson :(((((( NSBZHDNXNDAMAL"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.342 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Today is damn slow! :( checked the time, 11:15AM..2hours later, 11:25AM Sigh"
eng	negative	"so cute :( https://t.co/VWLsPT6y1R"
eng	negative	"@taesprout :-( i hope it works out..... or not if it is better that way"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.341 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"There's a certain group in our fandom na mahilig mam-bully :( bakit?"
eng	negative	"missed having someone come over when i was ill :("
eng	negative	"Mtaani tunaita pussy viazi choma and we still get laid :-("
eng	negative	"@Calum36Chambers Benzema celebrated quite well just now! Don't know what to make of it? Seems pretty happy! :("
eng	negative	"Been up since like, 7am and I'm still not tired :( my body needs to stop being a jerk."
eng	negative	"someone talk to me, i miss you all :("
eng	negative	"@kmdevaser96 same here lah. I can't even watch YouTube videos. I miss the fast internet :( That's weird though :O"
eng	negative	"@perriesjades where's black magic?:("
eng	negative	"@WingsScotland no cats :-("
eng	negative	"@fittorot i forgot you don't like people doing that i'm sorry :("
eng	negative	"@menilleyble ate menille i need youuuu :(((("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.340 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"BUT I HAVE IT ALREADY HE SOLD IT LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO :( https://t.co/FtgBvFN30O"
eng	negative	"@imcherrycblls i can't find kam's twitter and i wanna greet her a happy birthday :( help meeee please 😁"
eng	negative	"@zazaraisovna why so serious? :("
eng	negative	"diz is my personal account. i also have fan acc. link in my bioooo :-( ay taray. yumu-youtuber."
eng	negative	"We're only getting older baby  :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.339 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Its been two months and Im still hurting. :("
eng	negative	"I know both of you have your own life but I want to see you in the same picture :-( #parijat #sad #WillMissYouParijat http://t.co/WHJfmcRZWX"
eng	negative	"@kiyomitsucashew it kInda does :-( and thank you!!! ill def do th"
eng	negative	"y r older women hot :(((((((((((("
eng	negative	"These sets are great for anyone off abroad on their jollies. I won't be needing one for Scotland :-( http://t.co/TyttJNekbv"
eng	negative	"@blackannesee Get better soon...... :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.338 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Craving for some mcnuggets :-("
eng	negative	"@sophielbradshaw We are really sorry to hear this, Sophie :( We will certainly pass your feedback on to our Product Development team."
eng	negative	"@howeverhood @bubblegumcam one year later and we haven't even met :("
eng	negative	"@KyuminpuVELF no idea :(!!!"
eng	negative	"NO STOP I CANT GO :( :( :(  https://t.co/JLrt1bEIrY"
eng	negative	"Couldn't find any caramello koalas so I got a caramello bar... it's not the same :("
eng	negative	"@OTRJSJ offers you my mixtape. will you talk to me more now : ( suckmejimin."
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.337 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"true : ((( https://t.co/hfGyVJQ5RA"
eng	negative	"@tumblrzoella same :("
eng	negative	"Sucky Saturday!! :("
eng	negative	"Im dying of laughter bc my dad keep playing pou changing voice :("
eng	negative	"How do ppl not hear their goddamn dog barking? Seriously wish their dog would drop dead. &gt;:("
eng	negative	"Bae weather nje, but I'm having a blast. I miss you more my hun "@Nessa_Mbeki: @znclair how's dbn? I miss your ass bruh :(""
eng	negative	"Just wanna go back to my dream 🎀 was buying loads of clothes then woke up :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.336 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@srslybradley I'll try my hardest to cope w/out u :-("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.335 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@_abbeytaylor still didn't manage to message me though :(;"
eng	negative	"@DJRyanHemsworth don't tease me :("
eng	negative	"I've decided to stop supporting @Scalydas and others until I find the answer of pledge is you get paid for supporting or pay back. Sorry. :("
eng	negative	"@jujumber ya I realized :((( check viber mwah"
eng	negative	"Insurance co are writing my car off :(  anyone got a big estate for sale?"
eng	negative	"@BlondieBlonde70 It was nice to see family members I am close to but miss them :-("
eng	negative	"Met crush but he is too lansi in way :(("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.334 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"So emotional this morning. Saying bye to my best friend again :( @melonhairy and reading the end of book 5 of hp. :( waah! #sad"
eng	negative	"Jealous! I want to be in Miami :("
eng	negative	":( “@AneleMpupa: Vandag"@chatlas: It's been a long ass month...re kgola neng eintlik?! 😢" http://t.co/u6M5qQTXxv”"
eng	negative	"Sorry, I cant hope you :( http://t.co/wInJbEhRq1"
eng	negative	"@Jennyhill54 OMG same :( wish you was coming to Spain with me :("
eng	negative	"MY snapchat : LisaHerring19 #snapchat #snapchatme #porn #like4like #skype #repost #hotgirls :( http://t.co/kvVJ5Goieh"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.333 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"My last day in twitter...... :(;("
eng	negative	"@robbiemacalino Whaaaaaat? Whyyyyyyy? :(("
eng	negative	"ok so i went out to check on lucky and shes passed away :( she was the best magpie i ever came across rip lucky 22.05.15-24.05.15 x"
eng	negative	"why am I still up ? :("
eng	negative	"@Chabeezumba I miss the team na and coach and training :(((("
eng	negative	"HES SO ADORABLE LIKE A CUTE MARSHMALLOW THAT U WANNA HUG BUT EAT BC CUTE AND CHSWIYFXCSKCALUM  I LOVE HIM SO MUCH :(((("
eng	negative	"@howdydollie I need you by :("
eng	negative	"nvm lemme be quiet and eat my foof!:("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.332 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Casillas should be there :( "@realmadriden: Manchester City vs Real Madrid: this is our starting XI #RMTour2015 http://t.co/s5a7H7pd9x""
eng	negative	"I had a dream where we were all around a table eating or something and Heavy Day came on and we all burst into song.  Can this happen IRL :("
eng	negative	"This is horrible. :( http://t.co/6G6C7ewfpf"
eng	negative	"@WizKhallista it's about the egg, water and bloopers awhile ago huhuhuhu grabe di ko na-take. :((("
eng	negative	"@deeziyah no Dublin :(( I'm so sorry I know how it feels the same thing sorta happened to me"
eng	negative	"i thought it was true, you have to stop playing with my feelings guys :((( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Sorry for being inactive. :("
eng	negative	"UnFriend You :(&lt;/3 #GreysonChance"
eng	negative	"@banamnam @daseonjwi i know :( we were all disappointed"
eng	negative	"@Markisskill didnt have the money at the time :( but would have"
eng	negative	"@tescomobile could you pick me up a sandwich then?:("
eng	negative	"LOL this time i mean it :( @Katz360_ You and time 😊 https://t.co/KQ2pDd30w8 …"
eng	negative	"Not having the money for this belle and Sebastian ticket sale absolutely kills me :("
eng	negative	"@nicky_nick1998 rude :("
eng	negative	"@Kellipage17 Seriously?! That's amazing! #jealous Why am I never a first fan :( haha"
eng	negative	"@thekittykane my feels. I rewatched yesterday ep 10 of s4 it's def the worst for SErs :("
eng	negative	"@Uber_Delhi been trying for the past two hours. Nothing :( http://t.co/oLrKJpHDPb"
eng	negative	"Heart-breaking.  :-( http://t.co/LoMmOjLW1K"
eng	negative	"JUST GOT HOME. JUST GOT OL. UGH OUTDATED AF :((("
eng	negative	"Two hours and still no where near M4 - trip to @roalddahlmuseum abandoned.  :-("
eng	negative	"WTF is wrong with people...shooting up a movie theater, smh....damn people cant even live a good life :("
eng	negative	"@pippamaunder tomorrow 7-3 and Sunday 7.30-4 :("
eng	negative	"guys stop please :(  #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 http://t.co/4gbLRYagWh"
eng	negative	"@ravi_ceceli ya  off :((("
eng	negative	"This rain! It doesn't even feel like its Friday. &gt;:("
eng	negative	"Ekk why no giriboy? :("
eng	negative	"@djsummajae Oh no :-( Hope you are having a lovely time though! -Danni"
eng	negative	"@admirablehes94 me too.. :( Ohh. I need him"
eng	negative	"@SlXSTRINGS stop :(("
eng	negative	"I still don't want Harriet to leave though :(((((("
eng	negative	"gegu i want space gray iphone 6 :(("
eng	negative	"Sad truth but this is meh :((  #TBT :( http://t.co/L5UMpvDbyB"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.331 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@sam_mcclure Looks like it's gonna be a long night the only good thing so far is the roof :("
eng	negative	"@IzayaTheGod :( get u a nice lil gf then"
eng	negative	"really didn't want to see that :-("
eng	negative	"@BrokenDoll :( i wish i could! so sweet!"
eng	negative	"@PMOIndia @narendramodi .What is going on Indian politics EVERY ONE BLAMING each other after 68 year still representing  the school life :("
eng	negative	"Corbyn must understand Labour's new members to change the party's fortunes http://t.co/7JhaSTESp8 And yet another rant from this woman :("
eng	negative	"@gyuloveme my baby :((("
eng	negative	"@Uber @Walls Why is there no icecream in Leeds? :("
eng	negative	"@taeserasera OMG! What happened? :("
eng	negative	"I Miss this Cutie Ry :( https://t.co/cUCqzzhIbY"
eng	negative	"Last full day in London :("
eng	negative	"Oh no! I used to love DJ Derek. I hope he's okay. :( https://t.co/cH2Iyla300"
eng	negative	"@Showmasters :-( I'm already planning for #LFCCW hope I can meet more guests there!"
eng	negative	"I feel like I haven't been in Twitter in like 5ever :-("
eng	negative	"America has such a good #OnTheRoadAgain2015 tour with most of all the FOUR songs being performed :("
eng	negative	"Hate weekends they just mean work :("
eng	negative	"@selenagomez Follow me :("
eng	negative	"i miss everything about you":("
eng	negative	"@nicoleezzy halaaaang :( just done crying."
eng	negative	"@myoddballs @Kelsagirl recieved our order this morning but no flip flops :( hopefully just been forgotten?"
eng	negative	"Trying to use my #twitter account for #CaesarsPalace #socialrewards and it says my account doesn't meet requirements... DAMN #twitter :("
eng	negative	"@J_E_S_S_E__ same :( we're gonna be running through Cali w/o our woe :/"
eng	negative	"cant believe I missed your follow spree today :( @AaronCarpenter"
eng	negative	"@nayybear lol it's been my job since I realized how many fuckboys are in this world :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.330 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@Uber_Chennai @AmadoraGourmIce no delivery in chrompet is it ?? :("
eng	negative	"i get sick easily because of weather changes : ( it was hot then now it's cold and my immune system is weak"
eng	negative	"I need lush and a bathtub ... :("
eng	negative	"Great, @Debian has got php5-mysql and libmysqlclient-dev out of sync and broke my dev server :("
eng	negative	"@ColtZoom_ @TheColtRising I wish I could join :("
eng	negative	"I miss my Pleasanton friends :("
eng	negative	"@ynnamaldita wala me load e :((( try ko i'll text u later"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.329 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@dawnhalliday @British_Airways Definitely! I was lucky to be heard quickly (was there way early) but it was a nightmare for everyone :("
eng	negative	"Megan fell asleep already :-("
eng	negative	"I miss my mom :("
eng	negative	"Ma heed :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.328 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Gwss :(❤️❤️ — Thankyouu❤️. http://t.co/z0a6jTboH8"
eng	negative	"@bezz100 not see through the charade that has become day to day living? :(("
eng	negative	"i know how to play “one last time i need to be the one who takes you home” on the piano &amp; i cant do the rest fml :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.327 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@W_PIPPY who's scored ? I'm at work :("
eng	negative	"@vijaysrivatsan yeah, that's why 'last time'. They were planning to file police complaint. So much yelling. Can we switch places? :("
eng	negative	"@AmazonHelp @amazin @amazonsupport no contact whatsoever from anybody :("
eng	negative	"@Youmeatyours yeah its horrible isn't it :( big hugs! &amp; it means a lot. X"
eng	negative	"@RoySayWhatNow I want Pete Wentz :("
eng	negative	"@TruDan97 @AA12YT yeah, we had it but Shogi took it :( #BlameShoghicp"
eng	negative	"I met a new kinds of people, new classmate, new set of friends,Everything was new for me. But I dont find my BESTFRIEND.  :("
eng	negative	"hey there, internet - anyone had any troubles with ordering from #fixedgearfrenzy? Been 5 days now &amp; no dispatch notice. Getting worried :("
eng	negative	"@voidstxlinski theyre so cute :("
eng	negative	"@sophielouuu_ @dugganrachel no idea. 2 weeks,  and I've had to to say rip to both of my hats :("
eng	negative	"i hope Shamuon's doing all right in Tokyo. :((("
eng	negative	"Being sent home because I'm not allowed to work on my broken toe :( Managed to fuck it up horrendously jumping... http://t.co/ew7uvaNRyb"
eng	negative	"That feeling when u don't wanna leave someone's open house :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.326 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Hasb SMS k messages atty hain mujy sirf :("
eng	negative	"Keep waking up from nightmares :("
eng	negative	"Pls win :("
eng	negative	"@DineshDebiky @heineckrr @flytetymejam @GHSDuldulao :-( i'll be at work, like the other time"
eng	negative	"well that isn't helpful/sensible etc... :( #Brum #cyclerevolution https://t.co/yb1im79Tye"
eng	negative	"@znclair how's dbn? I miss your ass bruh :("
eng	negative	"@FatalFerret caaaannntttt :("
eng	negative	"@Rosiejanele Oh dear. They lost my payment last year &amp; wrote to say my account was overdrawn. TBF they did 'find' it when I complained :-("
eng	negative	"#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 Im crying,i hope zayn will come back but other side i just don't want to believe it :( http://t.co/QdYWa03z1F"
eng	negative	"@TruDan97 @iphonetips1 damn @Herobrineskull give it back :("
eng	negative	"@AllicioGloria She's gone :(, Hello, we offer you free perfume samples and Chanel/Burberry/Prada giveaway on our site! Please check our bio."
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.325 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@Danica_Yu oh noesss :(("
eng	negative	"Finally watching the last #TopGear episode, hopefully it won't end :( http://t.co/75IDDesHD0"
eng	negative	"@bicykiel @durnurr and I thought you were worthy of being the bridesmaid &gt;:((((((((("
eng	negative	"@iamglynnsmith Yeah : ( Couldn't find an NHS dentist here."
eng	negative	"I am looking forward for tomorrow's gathering omg la why the sudden change :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.324 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Yet another #RandomRestart #RandomReboot of #Lumia #WindowsPhone . And that's after #Microsoft's update addressing that issue. :("
eng	negative	"@Jaaeeeeee lucky :( I was feeling hungry, but then I didn't wanna get out of bed either, so I gotta wait until mañana"
eng	negative	"Some kpop female solos are ruined by those short male rappings :("
eng	negative	"@Zerbrechend SAME :("
eng	negative	"@bluejeanrose please sponsor us love! :( it would mean so much! We are begging you for a while now, please notice us"
eng	negative	"@Raaderer7 Yes now we do. Which means we're stuck with him as a striker, unless LVG plays him behind one. :("
eng	negative	"Fuuuuuck :("
eng	negative	"@wacom helppp :(. I'm in the U.S and want to order a refurbished cintiq companion online but my card originates from outside the U.S"
eng	negative	"@LionsgateUK Finnick's part in the final book is :-( is the movie going to be sad too #AskFinnick"
eng	negative	"@TotallyWonwooed It was inside a closed container and im scared :( i can't even touch it :( and it looks hairy hahaha"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.323 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"Two days off, and now I'm buried in emails... :("
eng	negative	"@smilingkrys omaygad , i didnt know vic got surgery :( and theres amber :((( TT.TT"
eng	negative	"@IvyTenebrae Hope you feel better. :("
eng	negative	"i was so hyper today :(("
eng	negative	"there's a Las Vegas snapchat story and I'm sad, I want to go back :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.322 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"I'm hungry :("
eng	negative	"Hi, imiss you :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.321 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.320 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@harryetlou i feel so bad for her LMAO ohhh i wanna know how it felt to be louis the first time he met H :("
eng	negative	"@thetrin I know.For now I am limited to prepaid stuff :("
eng	negative	"We thought today was pizza day. Sadly none of the managers are in that usually buy it :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.319 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"I want to go to my grandma and grandpa's farm! There's a lot of cow chicken sheeps horses fruits and vegetables there :( Aww help me!"
eng	negative	"Bored, puking and delirious from no sleep :-( motilium are a pack of Shite, no use at all.  I'm also grumpy..... &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@ShernScott I want to but I was busy moving house then I got ill... and I'm still ill  :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.318 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@RedMakuzawa that would be terrible :("
eng	negative	"im so tired af but i need to ignore it bc of schoolworks :((((("
eng	negative	"I want a taco :(("
eng	negative	"@rubysnipples whats phoebe's name on shots? can't find her :("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.317 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"I'm sorry to :-( :-(  :-(  Block"
eng	negative	"@LisaPolice999 yes, don't do what I did last year: cycle through massive puddle, not see huge pothole, get stuck, &amp; fall off into water :-("
eng	negative	"@revivalcth 2 OF THOSE TIMES ITS BEEN OUT OF MY CONTROL :( AND I HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO :(:( i miss it :(:("
eng	negative	"♛♛♛ 》》》》  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. I BELİEVE THAT HE WİLL FOLLOW. PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTİN @justinbieber :( x15.316 》》》》ＳＥＥ ＭＥ ♛♛♛"
eng	negative	"@SlXSTRINGS @deefizzy you haven't followed me yet :(("
eng	negative	"Infinite im so sorry..i cant stream~~ :("
eng	negative	"@HeyItsPlat im sorry :((("
eng	negative	"How do you turn notifications off?? I've had over 1,300 in the past few days :("
eng	negative	"@94rtaylor Hi Robyn, really sorry but it's not one of our necklaces :( Rachel x"
eng	negative	"Ang Cold. :("
eng	negative	"@WaseemBadami amazing set of questions bhai keep it up:(( missing shan e ramzan and u :(("
eng	negative	"@gfcakelover No, not yet :( .... but hopefully soon. Fingers crosssed! Are you coming to the @foodiesfestival in #clapham"
eng	negative	"@buzybee78 :-( need to investigate more...."
eng	negative	"@cadburysilk I have no one who will gift this to me :( *Feeling jealous *"
eng	negative	"No Friday night live @NRL on @GEMChannel in Sth Aus. So purchased a digital pass. Still have to wait to see @brisbanebroncos on delay :-("
eng	negative	"@angelweddiy Oh dear!! :-( xx"
eng	negative	"this movie essentially cut all the beginning of the book from its plot. :("
eng	negative	"@723qian @xcmainex tonight I got photoshoooot :("
eng	negative	"Austin Mahone - All I Ever Need  :("
eng	negative	"@SEOLMDR shut up :("
eng	negative	"@failnaut oh :( well it wouldn't hurt to visit the doctor about it"
eng	negative	"andaming memorization :("
eng	negative	"Is anyone up :("
eng	negative	"@HoldyHoldy Cotton Candy is my favourite too! :( Time to stock up again!"
eng	negative	"why can't I sleep :((("
eng	negative	"My poor baby is sick:(  And he doesn't have the concept of swallowing his snot so he chokes on it. :(("
eng	negative	"@alyaeldeeb12345 we're all in the same feelings :( http://t.co/lzd4XIo3aM"
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK : taknottem477 #kik #kikgirl #skype #booty #nudes #mpoints #oralsex :( http://t.co/EGpLP1eGr9"
eng	negative	"@neillcameron aw man, get better soon :("
eng	negative	"@jungsilhoon maybe... im not into the i'll listen until i like it :(((( i'll stay with my old btob songs"
eng	negative	"God , please help me ! :("
eng	negative	"Really miss you :("
eng	negative	"@BristolBites keeps saying busy on mine :-("
eng	negative	"http://t.co/rZ3BBeChHD we're going down at the moment :( the percentage ohh please!"
eng	negative	"@JasonBradbury Nobody to go with :("
eng	negative	"SNAPCHAT : ShoshannaVassil #snapchat #hornykik #selfie #gay #porn #quote #camsex :( http://t.co/COW9YcUeaA"
eng	negative	"@GilletteStadium wish I was going to Taylor swift :("
eng	negative	"@ExcahmOfLowee Flat is love to make me puke :("
eng	negative	"@stormieraae what the heck :( you don't follow her?"
eng	negative	"@WforWoman  A9. It would be Ice Cream without Ice :(( #WSaleLove"
eng	negative	"Too many people asking when I'm back in LA :("
eng	negative	"@EmmaLK Looks painful :("
eng	negative	"Snapchat me guys - sexyjane19 #snapchat #kik #Horny #bestoftheday #photo #goodmusic #sexual :( http://t.co/0RZnnSlxq9"
eng	negative	"Delph??! 20 minutes, off on his debut :("
eng	negative	"Lart rt :("
eng	negative	"@alexxmitchy @dugganrachel might sew it up! And no😬 do you know if someone took my orange chair?:(("
eng	negative	"@YaraChmayaa I already left :("
eng	negative	"@GU_CleverMonkey @PaulHollywood I didn't meet him :( I did at the skyfall premiere ages ago though!! He's yummy...just like his cakes!"
eng	negative	"I just woke up to pee and now the suns coming up and I can't go back to sleep :("
eng	negative	"@Cupcake_XGN sorry :("
eng	negative	"@GabriellaaCruzz I'm not in manteca :( I'm visiting my dad"
eng	negative	"@LeStoner_ if i asked her, she'd probably stab me :( but i found a 6 speed massage chair with shiatsu setting and heat for $50. Less risk."
eng	negative	"@amsterdamartist          :(  Edward Hopper http://t.co/Qx6GZjjNXF"
eng	negative	"Eyyah :( "@iamabdallahkb: @kings_dughtr am Man Utd born..... the best""
eng	negative	"@StaMar999 I booked trip before crisis. :((("
eng	negative	"I missed the goal :( 1-0 Real"
eng	negative	"I'm really sad i had the live photo sets in my cart but the shop logged me out :("
eng	negative	"@brookswho2 aaaaaaaaaaaaa :((((( i need to decide on a waifu like by tomorrow"
eng	negative	"@YerifeRV what happen to you babe? :("
eng	negative	"Playing "Give Your Heart A Break" having memories from "The Breakup" episode :( I love the song tho"
eng	negative	"@FuzionDroid @iphonetips1 :( the cold never bothered me anyway."
eng	negative	"also i had a dream about joe again i just want to hug him and tell him how cute he is :("
eng	negative	"@OTRRM : ( i'm like your major fan (!!) i just have this bias syndrome that i get shy around my biases : (((("
eng	negative	"MY STREAM IS SO PIXELATED :(((((("
eng	negative	"@romanhloiday WHEN YOU ACTUALLY DECIDE TO COME SEE ME IVE TRIED TO GIVE IT TO YOU LIKE 3 TIMES :("
eng	negative	"@_karltovera weh I thought sa may bank? :-("
eng	negative	"@Uber_SING wanted to get some but there isn't any Uber ice cream in my area :("
eng	negative	"@marie_apayor MAYMAY and @DeniseFronteras If ever you make plans, DO IT IN ADVANCE HUHU! :( I need like 1 week allowance na magpaalam!!"
eng	negative	"&amp; why tf can't i find subtitles for OITNB ? I need to understand Changs backstory :("
eng	negative	"Jeremy Kyle is so close to home this morning :("
eng	negative	"going home :("
eng	negative	"@erwin_cabangal5 i miss you :( https://t.co/3FsrYukgt4"
eng	negative	"@jiaaani for u :((((((((((( http://t.co/b3qkLaFJx4"
eng	negative	"@SUBPAYNO but i miss all the boys being together i mean :(((("
eng	negative	"When the bus is late and you have no time to get food before work :("
eng	negative	"@AllRiseSilver gimme :( enjoy your meal baby♡"
eng	negative	"i just realised i am a month clean and wow i think that's neat-o :("
eng	negative	"wru scissors :("
eng	negative	"@karir_komal dear plz don't post my creations in public without my permission , i amtired now telling every1 :("
eng	negative	"@jaidevpoomath don't have the app :("
eng	negative	"@owyposadas imysm :(((("
eng	negative	"@Hyojinsshi bank bank tut :("
eng	negative	"i think i messed up my ankle again :("
eng	negative	"@SwagOnChristian - trop tard :("
eng	negative	"@againstmisogny Managed 1 month of accounts &amp; have to do a few more :( tax credit deadline for 31 st. Only get child tax credit as cut Oct."
eng	negative	"@iain225 I gave it away last night as I didnt hear from anybody :("
eng	negative	"I hear so many frogs this morning :(((((("
eng	negative	"Im crying right now my babies :("
eng	negative	"@ItsMe_Ryry online please :("
eng	negative	"@chrisisk @uberuk nothing in Shepherds Bush either :( I want ice cream"
eng	negative	"i have no friends whatsoever lol :(( oh well"
eng	negative	"@sshawki Premiun feature in the making :() .@jeffweiner #NOTCOOL"
eng	negative	"almost 2/3 done with this. Sa lahat ng araw, bakit naging saturday pa finals ko :(("
eng	negative	"gyu y r u so cute :-( it hurts ok http://t.co/00YckcE7wj"
eng	negative	":( lmfaoooo https://t.co/Gu0QjHPMnX"
eng	negative	"I've been awake since like three :-("
eng	negative	"@EllieWalker_1 well can I just say I deleted my Twitter app 3 weeks ago so I literally just downloaded it, sorry!:("
eng	negative	"I acc can't look at it :("
eng	negative	"@PSYCRM you still haven't ! ! : ("
eng	negative	"@selenagomez come online babe :("
eng	negative	"Aw I was hoping :("
eng	negative	"wish more of my friends played league :-("
eng	negative	"I literally just feel like eating some good fruit I'm so :("
eng	negative	"@Bigbst4tz2 I can't afford them can you please give me my first full mashup pack please :("
eng	negative	"how am i gonna watch eu lcs in 6 hours :( help i need more sleep"
eng	negative	"@BBCLookEast Hope they find new homes :("
eng	negative	"real talk does my account match or no? :("
eng	negative	"@svthoshipit typo ye :("
eng	negative	"why @bmthofficial dont come here in Italy? :("
eng	negative	"@AKDP23 yass :(:"
eng	negative	"i rly wanna spend christmas with my relatives this yr :("
eng	negative	"@fivedorkz not really, it's my first ever edit haha :-("
eng	negative	"Just my luck. When I move to Sydney. Everyone decides they don't want to go out :( hahaha"
eng	negative	"@rightclick5ave I don't get why mb needs to cut their perf when don't cut on any other programmes :("
eng	negative	"@dekayedd @Farrahnair but I JUST (like 15 mins ago) bought my dinner? :("
eng	negative	"@wotjustin UR ACTUALLY WATCHING (but is it for me smh #what #a #bff #yes #hashtags #bc #u #love #me jk omfg im so hyper :-( )"
eng	negative	"Tired &amp; grumpy today. Hate missing exercise, as it makes me feel so much better. Can only go to combat in the holidays :("
eng	negative	"My stomach hurts so much. I want to cry :("
eng	negative	"why so sudden :(("
eng	negative	"@StreetFighter IT STILL DOSENT WORK :((("
eng	negative	"@MeganWoodyy sod's law :( but think of the Christmas sales!!!!"
eng	negative	"Delph :("
eng	negative	"@mrBobbyBones I've been trying to call for 20mins and getting a busy signal! :( I want to request the Yahoo yodel!"
eng	negative	"I literally just pass out lately. :("
eng	negative	"@Emeraldere You're going to die. I'm sorry :("
eng	negative	"@CraftaBelle I very jokingly said it with no seriousness :("
eng	negative	"i regret getting starbucks :( i want to sleep but i can't..."
eng	negative	"@LeyejGilmour @LijGilmour I think I'm sick too :((((((((("
eng	negative	"MY snapchat : LynetteLowe #snapchat #kikhorny #interracial #bestoftheday #naked #goodmusic #sexysasunday :( http://t.co/66GRccvHOM"
eng	negative	"@ohanakian @KianLawley i hope he is okay :("
eng	negative	"Today's weather sums up how I feel about going to work :( #TGIF"
eng	negative	"oh my gahd get well soon Amber :( @llama_ajol"
eng	negative	"@sadcuddleashton theres a rumor they said zayns gonna be back on the 26th this month but JUST A RUMOR THO :("
eng	negative	"bts was 2 weeks ago :("
eng	negative	"Why is time dragging today. I looked at the clock and was disappointed to discover it wasn't even 12.00 yet :-("
eng	negative	"@jsjvngrf obyun unnie? :("
eng	negative	"@aysegul_k im literally crying right now :("
eng	negative	"@tbhnswm wayhh :("
eng	negative	"Ahhh Food Poisoning is so prevalent... :("
eng	negative	"@tradrmum Controversy. :("
eng	negative	"@liyanalovette sorry :("
eng	negative	"My name tho :-(  i miss him"
eng	negative	"Poorly once again :( bed and Netflix today 🍵☕️"
eng	negative	"@NachiketKhanna @niveditabasu Same Feelings sir :( :("
eng	negative	"I really want sushi :((((("
eng	negative	"Week 2 is over :( but can't wait for week 3 😊"
eng	negative	"@natsouthby I want to rt that :("
eng	negative	"Has anyone managed to get an #UberIceCream yet? We keep getting busy messages. I think this is worse than the tube strike :("
eng	negative	"I feel like I'm going to throw up :("
eng	negative	"@Wkshaffer Good for you....that's about 2 1/2 inches more than I got in NW Meck LOL :("
eng	negative	"Can't sleeeep :("
eng	negative	"is no one awake :("
eng	negative	"@zoellaftmendes oh :( we'll miss you :("
eng	negative	"Delph injured already :( #MCFC"
eng	negative	"@StreetFighter any fresh News? Still impossible to play :("
eng	negative	"@aminadujean oh no :( is there anything yo ucan do?"
eng	negative	"@Loganchance I understand :( It's so sad &amp; depressing and makes me extremely anxious as a poc :/"
eng	negative	"so I guess blocking number on phones spam SMS feature wont work. Nor will using specific words since these guys write Sinhala in English :("
eng	negative	"No of Billionaires (1645) in the world is more than No of Islands (1190) in Maldives. Dheena, Fasgadah Alvadhaau. :( https://t.co/4hAaC51bQz"
eng	negative	"I burned my pizza rolls :-("
eng	negative	"@Emeraldere How can we help ? :("
eng	negative	"Live countdown on V app?? I'm still confused with it's functions. Can we watch it on desktop??? :((("
eng	negative	"MY snapchat : EvelineConrade #snapchat #kikgirl #like4like #FaceTime #kikmsn #amazon #selfshot :( http://t.co/KWdxYb9dBC"
eng	negative	"I've wanted panda for like 3 days :("
eng	negative	"@thorntonschocs this is awful news! Mum uses them for my birthday cake every year and now for my 21st there will be none :( #disappointed"
eng	negative	"@abrianaaaa__ I WANNA GO BACK. CAN WE GO BACKKK? :("
eng	negative	"Wake up :( http://t.co/fACJpi5F3p"
eng	negative	"To think this could be the last photo of these 11 all together... I hate the transfer window. :-( https://t.co/r4yiR7pAgj"
eng	negative	"@slaydrey where is this?? ♥♥♥ looks so relaxing :("
eng	negative	"oh my, im not prepared for @AaronCarpenter to get a girlfriend :("
eng	negative	"Hi Dan , not too bad. Dull and overcast. Rain due later today :-( https://t.co/YxkUrv9Z1K"
eng	negative	"@grace_phipps you're so inactive :(("
eng	negative	"ahhh get well soon amber!!! :( @llama_ajol"
eng	negative	"Amber :("
eng	negative	"@EE Hey, yeah couldn't see anything. Even checked my spam folder too :("
eng	negative	"I hate being up late bc then I won't wake up early and I end up wasting my day  :((("
eng	negative	"@surayyaaa_ :(( I miss you so much"
eng	negative	"Cant wait to have my truck fixed i missin hangin wiff mah friends all the time.  :("
eng	negative	"music team or interactive dept :((("
eng	negative	"@unfortunatalie @afewbugs such a waste of a cherry bakewell :(."
eng	negative	"Collecting all five teal cards in time but not getting the prize makes me sad. :( #sect #tennunb"
eng	negative	"I'd rather stay in and sleep this weekend than go out :("
eng	negative	"@CRIMINALMOX I LOVE THAT EPISODE BUT SKIP THE DOOMSDAY EPISODE PLEASE :(((("
eng	negative	"i feel you :(( https://t.co/jliVpKmFwG"
eng	negative	"Feeling a little neglected as there has been no visit from the postie today! :-("
eng	negative	"I wish i got goodnight messages :("
eng	negative	"@zzzTerror he didn't read my donation :("
eng	negative	"@FusazoJT @Gfinity @SteelSeries I wish I had the money to afford them :("
eng	negative	"I have a headache. :("
eng	negative	"I feel like I'm a weird person for shipping Bellamy &amp; Raven, because everyone ships him with Clarke, but the heart wants what it wants :("
eng	negative	"@ShahidsSuperFan Miss you too :( I'm so busy these week. How are you ?"
eng	negative	"I feel so bad for helmy :("
eng	negative	"@xbiebsft5sos FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"I want I want :(( http://t.co/cvy1vBmqan"
eng	negative	"@imVkohli misss uh yr... Cnt wait more to c uh....  :( :'( :("
eng	negative	"Feels like winter :( #whereisthesun #summerismissing"
eng	negative	"@ScriptedOne it's gonna be a longggg night :("
eng	negative	"Another ridiculous headache :("
eng	negative	"@SilverkissesTV sorry to hear :-( hope you're ok. haven't been to your stream lately as I got a new job but stocko will be back"
eng	negative	"All i want is some chocolate and a lucozade :( :( :( :( :("
eng	negative	"@KEEMSTARx And people ask why I don't leave my house, the world is scary and fucked.  Shootings and explosions everywhere :("
eng	negative	"@salmasl_ @divine_zarryy same :("
eng	negative	"what happened to gyu :-("
eng	negative	"@ciaellB why beh :(("
eng	negative	"The worst mental block is a half-remembered song when its melody's in your head n it ain't leaving and you can't recall the whole either :(("
eng	negative	"@NeoGrove :( sounds like you've reached my level"
eng	negative	"@Lucybanjifede FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"I wish :( :( please get signed xxx https://t.co/M8X6ojdWtr"
eng	negative	"@Sttbs73 Actually, THEY say it, each time their mouths open :("
eng	negative	"@mrtonymartin feeling let down :( thought I was your favourite of your favourites"
eng	negative	"@makerofhats :( :( :( target ftw"
eng	negative	"I never have enough sleep :("
eng	negative	"Walking alone is not difficult. But when we walked a mile someone... Then coming back alone is Very Difficult.. :( : ( #S #h #O #n #U"
eng	negative	"Moving out day :("
eng	negative	"I asked first!! :( "@Bakino_: @anelisa_lisa_ pfb""
eng	negative	"@infinite7muse @seongayu even on nate i think :(( they dropped places already"
eng	negative	"First time travelling to expo by myself. &amp; the worse part is, ive not been to expo before :("
eng	negative	"@xjisoobelle I MISS YOU TOO JISOO!!! :("
eng	negative	"@floralalpacaz when I went "fuck off" to ur Chloe reply on my selfie I got this anon and they were all "omg do u hate Chloe :(""
eng	negative	"50 like ? — mager wi':( http://t.co/c5axwoGGWb"
eng	negative	"@didUsayBigfoot u knw wht I'm big fan of them n went on their set once bt didn't get chance to meet... :("
eng	negative	"if me and laura dont meet next year im gonna be so sad :(("
eng	negative	"Still mad at my knee :("
eng	negative	"@LuciHolland @hejgordon @Edin_Game Gutted I never went down to Distant Worlds in London. I'm very well, yourself? It has been too long :("
eng	negative	"Stop buffering :("
eng	negative	"@Ania8Ela I'm going insane. The ID is wrong &amp; the account won't go away so I can open my own account :("
eng	negative	"why is charli so hot every time she's in finland :( http://t.co/MY4Ix0VBct"
eng	negative	""Eh guys ganas face ah" :( https://t.co/b9B6ofCXsm"
eng	negative	"Still in the studio with the sun coming up... Last good morning at Arch Camp :( http://t.co/BQc8Accj8p"
eng	negative	"They don’t love me,they know me when they need me… :("
eng	negative	"@_mspxo the name of the movie sounds sad itself :("
eng	negative	"@BiebsxMoonlight FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@MatttCastro You lyin :( lmao"
eng	negative	"Jealous :( — Why! http://t.co/VuCyE3ISif"
eng	negative	"i feel sick :-("
eng	negative	"Miss my hair this colour :( http://t.co/bcZ4mVLoDz"
eng	negative	"Me : kian I love you  Kian : I LOVE YOUUUUUU :( I can't get over today omg"
eng	negative	"@Uber_Delhi no supercars &amp; now no ice cream in so many Gurgaon locations :-( pls add more locations!"
eng	negative	"@lugellhorn I hate you :((( see you at 9:15??"
eng	negative	"@Vequafied I'm bored :("
eng	negative	"@Muselshoux whyyyy le :(?"
eng	negative	"@HaticeBieberr FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	".@tanha_messiah My words were just satire on a general situation. Why are you hurt so much? :("
eng	negative	"Regretting this peanut butter sandwich rn, sore in my mouth is making things difficult :-((((((("
eng	negative	"Garden update: my trees are gone :( http://t.co/V8OH886Z2Z"
eng	negative	"@rickygervais beers are lovely :("
eng	negative	"My assignments have been failed :-("
eng	negative	"@vinrana1986  Say "Hello" to Viners Palembang please :("
eng	negative	"@TourWithAriana_ I'm sorrrrryyyyy!! :("
eng	negative	"Aww amber :("
eng	negative	"im so sure fany is so happy now :("
eng	negative	"@zoeeylim sad sad sad kid :( it's ok I help you watch the match HAHAHAHAHA"
eng	negative	"@TheMercedesXXX @Gavin_McInnes @TheCumiaShow It's too early in the day for a boner. Have mercy :-("
eng	negative	"I AM MAD, YUKI EGG. &gt;:( SEE IM MAD &gt;:( &gt;:( https://t.co/h7JKvKGOa5"
eng	negative	"Looks like it's finally time to get rid of the old 2500k :( https://t.co/WvQhzYxJuc"
eng	negative	"will i ever hear mary did you know live :((( http://t.co/E9f2HZ4jgV"
eng	negative	":(((( | Jake Gyllenhaal talks the impact of Heath Ledger's death http://t.co/OiyooLa3GV via @EW"
eng	negative	"@superllex miss you btw :("
eng	negative	"Cold+Cough= :("
eng	negative	"@HammerEmma I see. Oh hunny :( U know I'm at the end of a line if u just need a friendly ear. I know I've said that b4 but it still stands"
eng	negative	"my data just depleted, I wish it could come back and say "I'm sorry Mbasa, I was joking. I'm still here" :("
eng	negative	"@misses0wl breaks my heart cause I'm not at hard :("
eng	negative	"@tyrafendy kat office client :( you?"
eng	negative	"@betabetic esp when it came off for an hour for x rays. ( hope). Makes you feel like crying when you have to go back in :("
eng	negative	"@biobio1993 :( aah, maybe they're just the type who blocks people easily? at least it's nothing personal then, but yeah, it still sucks...."
eng	negative	"Anybody here with a collection of all Suits episodes from all seasons? Pa-copy. :("
eng	negative	"Woke up with another migraine. :( ... Need proper rest but at moment I can't."
eng	negative	"@4JStudios Now you made me really angry and sad ... :( NO NEW BIOMES! ..."
eng	negative	"@sociopathslut same :( I was at the mosque w I had to sit outside the whole time and it was smelly I'm so annoyed"
eng	negative	"This taxi is emptier than Ciara's concert :("
eng	negative	"@HUNCH0 my stomach hurts so bad :("
eng	negative	"@SeaveyDaniel have fun here, even though I won't be able to see you :(("
eng	negative	"@TwilitArgorok I hope everything's ok. *hugs* :("
eng	negative	"Omg nooo :((( https://t.co/RbkIa080Il"
eng	negative	"I'm not tired wtf :-("
eng	negative	":(: (Vine by luke clips) https://t.co/UB4OLW7ACW"
eng	negative	"aw bb :("
eng	negative	"@Melonenbrot yeah and too tall :("
eng	negative	"I don't wanna go home just bring the English food over here and I'll gladly stay here :(("
eng	negative	"@TheUselessThree @dawid_pink I'm sorry. :("
eng	negative	"@idgitadhg :-( i'm sorry"
eng	negative	"@nayybear hahahaha that wasn't my intention!! I turned away and he said something so I turned again and that's when he kissed me :("
eng	negative	"@wtfxmbs AMBS please it's harry's jeans :)):):):("
eng	negative	"mayday parade is just feels :("
eng	negative	"i know right :( huhu sad lyf 😔😔😔 https://t.co/rMdMCuYyNH"
eng	negative	"@demiroberts_ August 13th :( x"
eng	negative	"A sad new for the animal kingdom :( http://t.co/I7N9cinihz"
eng	negative	"You saw chris brown :((((  https://t.co/Pm8mxoGpEn"
eng	negative	"so cute :( http://t.co/K2nuJxaZja"
eng	negative	"I miss my mom. :("
eng	negative	"@sannastenman yeah but it's a bit risky to count on that :("
eng	negative	"@luke_brooks @YouTube come back to cologne please :("
eng	negative	"@_avonsparadise_ FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@_Two_Devils  it doesn't help my Itunes doesn't work so I can't buy anything :((("
eng	negative	"@ecclestech @ScarletBlue9 Weather app says rain tonight into tomorrow. :( Sit in the car &amp; watch the footy"
eng	negative	"No babes on there :("
eng	negative	"@TheUselessThree @IKyaa_ I wanna duo :("
eng	negative	"@jungsilhoon i do like ballads but idk :(("
eng	negative	"@larakiara Same :("
eng	negative	"I need a massage :(("
eng	negative	"@cabeIlovato wtf body goals :("
eng	negative	"But I was told that I'm becoming a bit of a bish, so maybe I shouldn't :("
eng	negative	"Our lovely intern @NicolaPantelli is leaving us today :( but look at all these yummy treats she brought us! #yumyum http://t.co/zR2iuOYO5H"
eng	negative	"Cathy's story is basically about a black guy singing :("
eng	negative	"Missyou bishes :("
eng	negative	"Ruby rose ko tou maine pora stalk karlia Omg beauty khatam bandi pe 😭👑 why TF she's so Pyaari but not me :("
eng	negative	"@thatdavidmiller oh gawd i really need to get out more.... i understood that whole thing :("
eng	negative	"Great review for MASSIS tea. We miss @TasteofLondon  :(  #ThatSelfieThough  https://t.co/rWEjE5uOjg"
eng	negative	"@alma @iamrrr ON LOOP... Bad news for the people I have to provide feedback too though :("
eng	negative	"Packing is such a nightmare :("
eng	negative	"@kmubmik ofc not allowed but some fans are managed to take some picts.. the risk is they caught by the security and got kicked out :("
eng	negative	"@ebookwoman oh dear :("
eng	negative	"Aishhh... the stream getting slow and more viewer... :((*"
eng	negative	"@clawdeeeeya :((( me too i have exams soon sighssss"
eng	negative	"@annaspargoryan It was burnt toffee :("
eng	negative	"okay she doesnt want to talk to me then I will stop :("
eng	negative	"True..... Honesty is a very very very lonely word!!!! :("
eng	negative	"@TimInTraining @chris_slight78 @ThermoGrenade @rossario @anj100 its #CheatDay and I've ran out of protein :("
eng	negative	"I WANT :(( http://t.co/aZN2zOScb1"
eng	negative	"Sissi made a tote bag for me for my birthday and i use it all the time and now its slowly breaking and it makes me really sad :("
eng	negative	"I'm going to sleep before I upset myself any further :("
eng	negative	"I miss Church helping me get into my Armor :("
eng	negative	"No Delphy :("
eng	negative	"@cartinelliaf i miss them :(( but i hate pll :(("
eng	negative	"so teen top actually performed under the rain yesterday.... fk are they ok :((( but im still v proud of them la!!!"
eng	negative	"@PrincessSGB Please @PrincessSGB :("
eng	negative	"whens my cat coming :("
eng	negative	"Sel, Beth come to Serbia! Serbian Selenators and Motavators are so sad! :( 💋❤💋❤ http://t.co/mQrHl6Guv0"
eng	negative	"ZAYYYYYN :("
eng	negative	"@hfaithdavis poor kids momma died :("
eng	negative	"@ohanakian @KianLawley what happend to kian? :( is he okay?"
eng	negative	"@the_rebel_in_me @swanqueentacos awww. Imperative. :( #TRMDHesitant"
eng	negative	"Cleaned my room! YAY but panas af :("
eng	negative	"That was the quickest blood test ever but my arm hurts :("
eng	negative	"I just slept in cause I really didn't wanna see everyone get their Jacob tickets when I wasn't allowed :((("
eng	negative	"Fuck sake ! Hamstring injury for delph :-( not another Rodwell"
eng	negative	"none of my friends came :("
eng	negative	"@JoshThomas87 @Please_like_me WHat? Wasn't it supposed to be out in August?? :("
eng	negative	"@ComfyCooCoo @fairlylocalden_ the problem is tracing, many people do that and claim they are an artist which is not how it works :("
eng	negative	"@sasshoseok did u get called by tp law? :("
eng	negative	"We don't have chocolate milk powder anymore :("
eng	negative	"@WLK_SNaeun teeth :( so I can smile wider"
eng	negative	"This honestly makes me sick to my stomach. RIP to all those who lost their lives last night :( https://t.co/yA72N10piP"
eng	negative	"Pains in my tummy an back keep waking me up :( literally can't get comfortable"
eng	negative	"@KelseyjRenwick I did notice :( where are you working now?"
eng	negative	"@BloutAngelina FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@IndietracksFest @mr_omnibus I thought he was too!  :-("
eng	negative	"@outsidezoella thank you bruno I had just made it to 1.8k too :("
eng	negative	"wish I was going to ed in croke park today :("
eng	negative	"Has anyone had to deal with Toll before to get a package? I don't understand their website :("
eng	negative	"still not back in shape :("
eng	negative	"@_khooie :( I went all in too (wasn't much) I swear I'm the unluckiest bettor..."
eng	negative	"@GaganCh57575757 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"NSTP Class tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"31 units for first sem of second year? Please tell us you're kidding. :("
eng	negative	"@cappucinoclaire i got this from google image, and now i don't know where is it bc i already closed the browser :/ sorry :(("
eng	negative	"I'm too tan :-((("
eng	negative	"i still really really really really really like chipotle but chick-fil-a stole my heart :("
eng	negative	"@GHilalCelik evet :-("
eng	negative	"@bornsinqer so lucky u. we dont have ramadhan holiday. only eid and that's only a week :( i need more"
eng	negative	"Hard to save a live... :( &lt;/3 #Stexpert  #RipStegi @byStegi"
eng	negative	"Nickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy wtf did you do ¿ :("
eng	negative	"I seriously don't want to go back. :(("
eng	negative	"@lewiismynewt FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"#ZaynComeBackTo1D #zayniscomingback don't fucking play my emotion please... who started this....... :("
eng	negative	"@OfficialCK2013 got an image as the header of the website, and it won't centralise :("
eng	negative	"@sophielbradshaw We have discontinued this product, Sophie. Really sorry for any disappointment :( We will pass your feedback on!"
eng	negative	"@chattsss tbh idk :( ask around"
eng	negative	"@pickledog47 @FoxyLustyGrover Its Kate, tho!!  :(  #sniff"
eng	negative	"I'ts buffering for me :("
eng	negative	"@swiftstruelove :( let me speak *struggles*"
eng	negative	"@Ch4rm41n3 aww damn :( and haha will do!"
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark please follow me again!! :("
eng	negative	"So glad i don't bother with make up at work. Been outside all morning and my face would have gone down the drain by now. Bloody rain. :("
eng	negative	"@_nurannisaaa @fatinrafezall @_atirahmatasri @aiifanadhirah @farhani_nfr @_ainzuhraa @athiraidrus more precious when its never end :("
eng	negative	"why u so fab :((( @.therese hahahahaha creds @_sheenapadua http://t.co/qcwv8In7jM"
eng	negative	"https://t.co/TVnpczmZZ8  IT ENDED SO SOON. T_T  It hurts that one of them has to be eliminated. They're all so good. :(  #TeamZiPal  SMTM4"
eng	negative	"@elenadickinsonX ty, come home tonight tho :(((("
eng	negative	"Doing my assingnment whilst watching the game lol i hate life :( http://t.co/sxeh7LUH4q"
eng	negative	"@imamjan123 awwww thank u i Editied it on my old phone ... but it dont work more :("
eng	negative	"Nakaka Beastmode. I lost my ID :("
eng	negative	"OH MY GAAAWD :( https://t.co/ZAd3jg0jzF"
eng	negative	"@hazminge @emliviaroney @maxdjuric @arthuredmondss but Jane said I'm welcome :((((("
eng	negative	"@SensodyneIndia Yes, I love Mango ice candy but #ToothSensitivity robs me of the fun I could have had :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark why unfollow??? Please follow me again!!! :( colombia loves you!!"
eng	negative	"@aryanswift6 please :(("
eng	negative	"Future didn't show up :("
eng	negative	"@jvkho9997 thanks yots. Labyo miss you :(("
eng	negative	"get well soon pretty😘😘 — pano mo nalamannn bebeee? :( thankyou 😘 http://t.co/CVOT0DGrAy"
eng	negative	"oh no i'm too early :-("
eng	negative	"“@AlejoDoe: @highimvale damn they stole my home girls phone too”got me fucked up :("
eng	negative	"I need to stop being so hardheaded :-("
eng	negative	"That lonely moment when the only text message you get all day is from your cell phone company. :("
eng	negative	"but when you call me baby I KNOW IM NOT THE ONLY ONE :( — eating Zach's  Burger Xpress"
eng	negative	"@misslolitalove that's true :-( it's trying to get rid of Katie Hopkins to no avail"
eng	negative	"I'm really just up :("
eng	negative	"Can't sleep :("
eng	negative	"Every night I take hella melatonin &amp; every night I take like a 2-4 hour nap until I'm wide awake &amp; it's the next day again :("
eng	negative	"@sarahbournex me too :( determined not to feel ill for tonight!!!"
eng	negative	"@inespsousa9 not me! :("
eng	negative	"So cold here in the office huhu :( No more tasks to do but I'll be here until 9pm hahaah!!"
eng	negative	""@alyaeldeeb12345: I miss Chris ' voice :(" same http://t.co/5houV3sq5l"
eng	negative	"@ThisGuyCanUK Oh that's a shame! :( We're really looking for people that have written about it before and frequently do it! But thank you!"
eng	negative	"Hope that person is in jail :( https://t.co/uYofSgIBVA"
eng	negative	"weirddd :("
eng	negative	"Everyone is happy bc they have amazing friends bc of 1D then here i am still waiting for my internet bestfriends  :("
eng	negative	"Head ache :((("
eng	negative	"@JRF7F RUINED &gt;:("
eng	negative	"i need more :( donghyuk stans :( in :( my :( tl :((((( where u guys at"
eng	negative	"@zoellaftmendes but why? :("
eng	negative	"I miss Beks' original body since episode 13 :("
eng	negative	"reynoldsgrl either deactivated or got suspended i wanted to shade :("
eng	negative	"just got home.. heavy rain :("
eng	negative	"@TheStonePilot sorry :("
eng	negative	"@TheLadyShelly haha I feel so naked without ole beardy tho :("
eng	negative	"@HelloJP How did you get it?? I've been trying for ages and no joy! :("
eng	negative	"I want to sleep why am I not tired :(((("
eng	negative	"this song is freaking saaaaaaad :("
eng	negative	"Sorry guys, no new video this week! :("
eng	negative	"@mr_omnibus @IGetSpellbound aw that's a shame, we thought you were! We'll miss you :("
eng	negative	"@palmirabieber FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"what happen to the kaussies? :("
eng	negative	"I was looking forward to this Pixels movie and it turned out to be a bummer :("
eng	negative	"its okay bae~ its okay :(  i wanna hug her already. #FightingMCIrene http://t.co/BGV6mxYfGt"
eng	negative	"MICHAEL'S EXERCISING AND YEAH IT'S GREAT AND ALL BUT I DON'T WANT HIM TO LOSE THE TUMMY :((("
eng	negative	"@aryanswift6 done please pick me :("
eng	negative	"finding old pictures with my long hair makes me so sad :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������♥♥♥♥"
eng	negative	"@dtoxdliving it's wet and miserable here :((💦☔️  missing my morning yoga &amp; drink in the sunshine! 🌞💃🏽🍹 love to you all. xx"
eng	negative	"@chuchuxiu thats so mean!!&gt;:( i dont like him how rude! also aww bc they had to keep u away from the snake:/ damn they shouldve moved him"
eng	negative	"Fucking shit stalking her account :("
eng	negative	""zayn is coming back on july 26" srsly guys? how many times did you say that?? :-(("
eng	negative	"Georgia and Saffron are amazing and queens and I am just a poor peasant  :( wish i could be more like them..."
eng	negative	"I got no sleep :("
eng	negative	"@valentinalmao @mgchalsey ahh im sorry i didnt reply back :( i miss you too!! also i wouldve tweeted u on that acc but ive been having"
eng	negative	"NFINITE New Update - Hoya  ~#Admin_Myung  SLP :( http://t.co/67Qf4l0zF2"
eng	negative	"The saddest thing is when you are feeling real down,you look around and realize that there is no shoulder for you….! :("
eng	negative	"laomma design; Kebaya &amp; Wedding Dress. Bandung - Indonesia LINE: laomma,  7DF89150 WHATSAPP : (+62) 089624641747 Instagram : Laomma_Couture"
eng	negative	"@_BeatrizHoran_ No, I can't :("
eng	negative	"I feel so drained like omg like so tired physically and mentally how haizzz and my eyes still hurt urghhh sat sun cant even stay at home :("
eng	negative	"I'm really trying hard to level up my working-on-a-tight-schedule art for comics, &amp; I know sometimes the art looks off, but :( ganbarimasu"
eng	negative	":( now im feeling lonely wth https://t.co/6NrxEGjSv3"
eng	negative	"@ElHenderz @EllaHenderson livid - it's still not working :("
eng	negative	"oh that actually made me sad lol :((("
eng	negative	"wanna sleep :("
eng	negative	"@jethrocarr double whammy :("
eng	negative	"How unlucky would it be if I was dying and passed away just before ed came on stage #:-("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������♥♥♥"
eng	negative	"Quuuuuuee friooooo :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������♥♥"
eng	negative	"so... it's raining again... so much for running... :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������♥"
eng	negative	"@nicefurby my dad said no sorry :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������ ♥"
eng	negative	"@keelzy81 fat lady parts :("
eng	negative	"@RafaelAllmark I've been supporting you since the start and am ALWAYS ignored :( please let today be the day you finally follow me������"
eng	negative	"@BTS_twt please take me there :(("
eng	negative	"wtf stereo kicks :("
eng	negative	"@marmice08 :((((((((((( but hopefully chwang will still drag him out to eat later sobs"
eng	negative	"Add my KIK - lorm823 #kik #kikmeguys #blonde #rp #kikmenow #indiemusic #selfshot :( http://t.co/W07JltA7Fy"
eng	negative	"@natalielms95 @jxhun @SharonMelaniex  why is this so accurate :-(((("
eng	negative	"I cant stream :("
eng	negative	"Feeling unhappy today :-("
eng	negative	"Omg no Amber :(("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - jennyjean22 #snapchat #hornykik #ebony #trade #models #elfindelmundo #webcamsex :( http://t.co/s0wlxvFdeV"
eng	negative	"@Alex12Rios hey that was mean :("
eng	negative	"I told myself I can survive living alone for the rest of my life but I can't even be left alone for a day :("
eng	negative	"@_NathanSinclair well rude :("
eng	negative	"I wanna buy the #calibraskaEP :("
eng	negative	"@taekooknet No I didn't :( Hahaha I wish T.T You?"
eng	negative	"@Craig_J_Hastie @MassDeception1 lolzz, unfortunately dats how it is :("
eng	negative	"@chris_slight78 :( feels"
eng	negative	"I keep having the worse dreams with Corey in them :-("
eng	negative	"@DeeJ_BNG I appreciate the weekly update but more weapons than ever before are on the way? we have nowhere to put the one we already own :("
eng	negative	"@EdeLabayog yup thank you! Huhu mahirap? :("
eng	negative	"T H E D R E A M is dead :((( Guess it's time to get to sleep. Hope it works later today and I can get some games with Nash"
eng	negative	"My body system don't want to accept those foods :("
eng	negative	"@feleciaag20 oh gosh i love it so much ;__; they have those fried noodles?? Love💜💜💜 but they stopped selling them here :("
eng	negative	"London is veeeeerry wet today - this is more like summer as I know it! :("
eng	negative	"@sunggyu_ph saw it being rted orig tweet by @/starholicxx :(("
eng	negative	"justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm baby! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:17AM)"
eng	negative	"@HoneyMustardHoe :( I was kidding, get out your feelings"
eng	negative	"SONG FROM@THE FIFTH ALBUM I AM SO NOTR READY HWY IS NIALL SO CUTE :(: http://t.co/THMLVQlDAw"
eng	negative	"@mohsinmalvi19 @wishrajpoot @DrAzharAliKhan Nothing except lie, fraud, double cross, diplomacy, survival of fittest, zero tolerant..... :("
eng	negative	"@Rinerh -hugs- I really wish I could love :( I miss you."
eng	negative	"@aileenlykacholo miss you. :("
eng	negative	"@burgeeem always remember to take a shit bb gurl. :-("
eng	negative	"@carouseldiary We're sorry to hear this :( How is it now? Try the following steps: http://t.co/E9MkbTy6ke &amp; let us know how you get on."
eng	negative	"@moby307 So true, yet many know this and choose to not heed the notion xx :("
eng	negative	"Unfortunately today's performances at Pier Approach will not be going ahead due to the weather. :( http://t.co/PidhDm1ga3"
eng	negative	"crying to get rattle robe :("
eng	negative	"@shaanb24 Just looked at your previous tweets and seen that this message was due to a hack :( Hope you got it sorted!"
eng	negative	"@swgzl do you not like ballads :-( i think it emphasis their vocals a lot so im happy they chose to promote one"
eng	negative	"@bmthofficial They are all sold out :(((("
eng	negative	"@nat_broco erm, what's that like then :("
eng	negative	"can't announce cool show today so wait until monday thanks :("
eng	negative	"@Abby_Lee_Miller hey Abby.can you help me persuade my mum to come with me to see in London please?:("
eng	negative	"Lmao just realized I tweeted the wrong lyrics :("
eng	negative	"@amellywood but but but but but emily's birthday :("
eng	negative	"@httpbethx i packed all my socks for camping so i had to wear odd socks :("
eng	negative	".@GoonrGrrl @TheDemocrats I can't see how she can possibly be elected - FAR too much baggage. But people see what they want to see :("
eng	negative	"So cold :("
eng	negative	"＠maverickgamer_　July 24, 2015 at 07:17PM 　:("
eng	negative	"@DADDYNAMJ00N @bbydesu No~ I mean, that @bbydesu hmm, omg Im so slow :("
eng	negative	"@karinatuano shiiiit. Kamiss beh 😭😭 Thank you bby. :* I miss you :( love you mwa."
eng	negative	"My mommy left :("
eng	negative	"@abigailjacinthe hi ate :( i know she loves you so much but maybe she's having a hard time right now."
eng	negative	"Very sad to return from holiday to find @MissCatJames not on my radio in the morning and @TomNewittDJ not doing BC drive :( @wearefreeradio"
eng	negative	"@tooshiin but dat was fun while it lasted :("
eng	negative	"Why do people scream so much before/during fighting? .. You're only hurting your throat stop it :("
eng	negative	"@xfiIes :() IS there A CAT CAFE IN MELBOURNE"
eng	negative	"Movie marathon anyonneeee :(((( loner af"
eng	negative	"So fricken cold :("
eng	negative	"@AntPHall that's annoying! That's the one I'm using and it's really good :("
eng	negative	"@AudreyPelan @CLGDoublelift meh rito pls do something :("
eng	negative	"Friendzone :("
eng	negative	"Although it's 3 am here when their panels start...I'm gonna miss everything...:-("
eng	negative	"@KollyBuzz repeat audience ?? :("
eng	negative	"@messiluonel @dragbackfake I only got one month in June :("
eng	negative	"Take me back :( @ Hsm Canarios Park Hotel https://t.co/lvNoJfG20f"
eng	negative	"im sorry im getting all personal and stuff but its really bothering me and i cant stop crying about it but i dont have anyone to talk to :("
eng	negative	"I wonder when I'm gonna see all ukiss members as one again :("
eng	negative	"@Napolitano29 i wish i was there too! :( but we have to have faith that we'll meet Sam and Kurt one day! one day..."
eng	negative	"@bahadirylmz @59saniye my friends fatma'm :("
eng	negative	"@austinh_44 damn Alex has more swag than me :(("
eng	negative	"@caylahhhh lmfao seriously??? I can't remember if I did honestly..more likely tho :(("
eng	negative	"Missing you :("
eng	negative	"@Real_Liam_Payne please follow me :( i have been waiting for your follow back :(  please follow me back or retweet or reply this :("
eng	negative	":( update: http://t.co/HPhnCQuvy3 via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"@Welshwonderland @sarahlohse @newdayevent @newdayServers Oh no, I forgot I'd be missing your cakes - and those FLAPJACKS! :-( #countthecost"
eng	negative	"I want IHOP :("
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes i dont have snapchat :("
eng	negative	"@MaverickLowe @CTC_Cyclists Yep but oh so common of infra, still being rolled out now, in this Country :-("
eng	negative	"@comedyorjoke so true :("
eng	negative	"@bttrcpxljp done can u please give them to @tenderkjss ? i know im late sorry :("
eng	negative	"@mrowklis :(((( thank u bby. i love u too."
eng	negative	"Can I just call into work :("
eng	negative	"last day :-("
eng	negative	"I want to sleep :("
eng	negative	"2nd thoughts on college :(("
eng	negative	"where do u guys stream? my stream is so lq im - :("
eng	negative	"you, with your words like knives :(("
eng	negative	"Can't sleep cause I've had the worst anxiety all day :( ugh can I just stay home tomorrow? 😞 #sotired #mybrainneedstoshutoff"
eng	negative	"Was so exited to get a maccies breakfast but no I was 10 minutes late and had to get a burger and cheese bites :("
eng	negative	"@nuriaagonzalez it was amazing!! Such a short trip though :( I wanna go again, but for more days!! How's Spain? X"
eng	negative	"@Ironlings_  Sorry Mr 25 :("
eng	negative	"@WayneDavid81 so pleased it went well Wayne! Shame I couldn't be there :( x"
eng	negative	"wtf,i make new giveaway acc again...and now can't to tweet anything again!! :("
eng	negative	"I wanna talk to people but I'm scared they will find me annoying and tend to ignore me or not interested to talk to me :-(("
eng	negative	"@Wendypup2 I could get a black 510 and a blue silicon cover for it .. but its just not the same :("
eng	negative	"No one thank that they have me bc of 1D! :(   I H A T E M E. Kbye"
eng	negative	"@CHONIM91 btw ini sore say :("
eng	negative	"I hate how they didn't have their first win yet :(("
eng	negative	"@c_tuilagi Anytime Lil Nigga!! (: (:"
eng	negative	"@elmyra I tried to support but only UK citizens can sign :("
eng	negative	"@gotshinee so low compared to their ranking on mcountdown :(("
eng	negative	"5h + kids makes all ://:(\\\"
eng	negative	"People change and it's not always for good :("
eng	negative	"I'm sure "@MTNza: @ThapeloMokz It would be sad to see you go Thapelo :( \OP""
eng	negative	"Chocolates and peanuts ...... :("
eng	negative	"Civ 5 just crashed in the middle of a marathon game... :("
eng	negative	"Wooden Mic neh! :("
eng	negative	"That is so embarrassing :( i texted the wrong organization gosh"
eng	negative	"lost all the excitement for my birthday :-("
eng	negative	"hate it when people don't text me back :("
eng	negative	"@holaitsali deactivated :("
eng	negative	"“My mouth can’t translate the things my heart says.” :("
eng	negative	"@FontanillaTrish @GwnLndch Today? I don't have :("
eng	negative	"Mine still isn't working wtf? I missed my daily chances and going to miss out on mecha-totems if this keeps up :("
eng	negative	"This feeling.... Miss her badly. :("
eng	negative	"Nak tgk paper townssssss sigh :("
eng	negative	"Too early :("
eng	negative	""@ghrxoxo: jokid :((( https://t.co/dOl68YFRe6"oyyy"
eng	negative	"i miss being a kid. i can't believe I'm doing adult stuff like paying rent and bills and doing a degree and shit like . the fuck??!?:("
eng	negative	"@PatriciaPrecios @WilliamEdenDude @PiooooPiolo @MagandiaAdjrani @ipcasongsong @Rapamigz @akosizen tomorrow again, please? :-("
eng	negative	"“@Johnny_Spacey: @Mandi_Tinker yes, very inconsiderate of them. :(” why???"
eng	negative	"Pray for the kids :("
eng	negative	"wow i miss my long hair , my braces , &amp; softball :( http://t.co/XysuSB0fxK"
eng	negative	"and more and more and more anna :(  https://t.co/JxjroN8PcY"
eng	negative	"@extended5H FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"should i apply for tomcat? :("
eng	negative	"@AgathaChelsea18 Miss You Chel :("
eng	negative	"@jemphillips We don't like the sound of this Jemma :( Try the following network steps: http://t.co/iL86HQ4Uyh &amp; let us know."
eng	negative	"@HeyImBeeYT idk how to use those :("
eng	negative	"@AsdaServiceTeam which is only good if I'm receiving delivery otherwise I have to leave a detailed list of with offers OH needs 2 check :("
eng	negative	"matchy matchy d elsa hair :-(( love u soo much! http://t.co/gySQ6arggu"
eng	negative	"@iamsrk please dont postpone it any longer! :( :("
eng	negative	"karin honey i want another vist :("
eng	negative	"I'm gonna get high blood pressure one day lol I'm eating too much unhealthy food :( http://t.co/6i0NhiKivf"
eng	negative	"Pains propa knockin me sick :( owwww"
eng	negative	"Bacon sandwiches for @KateWyvern &amp; @benjaminwyvern in the Marketing office, but I'm on pre-holiday diet boooo :( #meanies #deathbybaconsmell"
eng	negative	"@BiebersxGalaxy FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@Uber_RSA I'm confused :( What do I put in the inital location?  #UberIceCream asking me for location and destination"
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris what happened love? :("
eng	negative	"So now F(x) is 4 members?? Just Victoria,Amber,Luna,And Krystal??? No giant baby again in F(x) :( https://t.co/RXtJdTElW5"
eng	negative	"@kirstin_taylor  @genmakeup but no picture? :("
eng	negative	"@yearsandyears come to singapore :("
eng	negative	"the last concert I went to in this stadium tomorrow's show is in was justin :("
eng	negative	"@ArysaAri Why can't I retweet your stuff :(("
eng	negative	"@_ajaaaa where r u gonna be Sarajevo??? :( I live like 2 hours from there 😩😩😩😩😭"
eng	negative	"@GCTitans team has fallen apart unfortunately no energy it seems :("
eng	negative	"@alyciasmarie but i wasn't :-(("
eng	negative	"haix I wish I was an sp student :((( everyday can go breakfast when im late for class already haix"
eng	negative	"@CLOUD9CABELLO FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@KzhaKish then tell me how? :("
eng	negative	"@platinumgames why is this not on Wii U, did Bayonetta 2 and The Wonderful 101 really sell so poorly? :("
eng	negative	"@BillyNeyMates yeah just saw your other tweets and completely agree, we're not moving quick enough on transfers though :("
eng	negative	":((( dropped again http://t.co/jkopvoFnqq"
eng	negative	"@lewpylew78 work was no longer really doable (I drove as trains were awful), so moved agencies, long story.Miss everone though :( R U OK x"
eng	negative	"@mattyelvin11 don't have any :( gonna order a jps soon hopefully they have some"
eng	negative	"I miss mamabear so much :("
eng	negative	"I thought finding someone was hard but finding them and trying to make them stay is harder :(  #imintoher"
eng	negative	"@PeterAspsjo Oh no that sucks! :("
eng	negative	"I need to go school shopping. School starts in almost a week :("
eng	negative	"@Chivski232 so bad :("
eng	negative	"@likeafigure8 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@taylorswift13 UGH,I JUST WANT TO BE WITH YOU RIGHT HERE AND RIGHT NOW,I NEED YA TAY. You are the only one who understands me. :("
eng	negative	"@itsNotMirna so true, I voted for them so many times :( Underrated just like all of Slovakia's entries D:"
eng	negative	"@AahliyahR it's not funny :("
eng	negative	"@itmeailung I know :( saklap"
eng	negative	"Sadly, I can't see my grades yet bc i have a hold order in rizal lib :("
eng	negative	"Baby :( https://t.co/lMAAJ9Kmvk"
eng	negative	"gonna miss it there :("
eng	negative	"@matty_lam @SkyFootball I'm not watching because I'm working :( but I'm not interested in man city anyway 😂 hope they lose"
eng	negative	"@yearsandyears I wanted to go but I don't live near any of these places at all :(("
eng	negative	"@band_enthusiast it wasn't in class but the entire school had to discuss it in their advisory period but no one took it seriously :-("
eng	negative	"@iliketobecrazy ja dit dus, I know the feel :("
eng	negative	"@gabrielecirulli life is harsh sometimes :("
eng	negative	"@Louis_Tomlinson school start next Monday ohgod :("
eng	negative	"MY kik - abligaverins7 #kik #hornykik #photooftheday #kikchat #likeforlike #indiemusic #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :( http://t.co/gNb5NvMtUC"
eng	negative	"Such a positive, beautiful light :( #RIPSandraBland #JusticeForSandraBland #SandraBland  https://t.co/GP21Mwg1Os"
eng	negative	"@TyareRamirez FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"I WANT TO CRI I HAVE NO ONE TO GO W :((((((( https://t.co/IpxqMQWFeM"
eng	negative	"@EcoGitesLenault oh no I didn't :( So sad, I will do some catching up today x"
eng	negative	"Oh damn,it's true :( "@dailyteenwords: That moment you realize that holiday is almost over and you've done nothing.""
eng	negative	"@EdeLabayog miss you edel!! Aww :( why? :("
eng	negative	"@sahirlodhi Salam dear brother Eid Mubark &amp; very sorry i've missed ur all the shows on this eid..feeling bad+sad :-("
eng	negative	"HP LOW DONG :(((((("
eng	negative	"@NeilMorganGtr This is just way too common now :-("
eng	negative	"SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :( http://t.co/uxbrq1woRB"
eng	negative	"@myywoohyun just saw this not mine huhu but .... :((( http://t.co/vEy02VcNGs"
eng	negative	"SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :( http://t.co/IzW9wFL5Zv"
eng	negative	"@perriesbummy miss u! :( and speck if your online babes ?? x"
eng	negative	"My SNAPCHAT - AbbyMill18 #snapchat #snapchatme #wet #sex #sexy #indiemusic #hotels :( http://t.co/4iBT7zCjZH"
eng	negative	"@_cigarella :( ion wanna hear that"
eng	negative	"@nateworkorange yeah just thinking :("
eng	negative	"Spent more than 5min tryna lock my hse door without getting the key stuck. Noob to the nxt level. :("
eng	negative	"2weeks before our exam :("
eng	negative	"I hate not getting enough sleep :( My baby wakes me up 300 times a night and I always feel like falling asleep at work 😔"
eng	negative	"@boutagirrl no but I was pretty sure :-( until now at least"
eng	negative	"@MariajoseCleri1 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"but still, fck, the nae nae...:( that literally made me fucking cry bc too deep"
eng	negative	"@shabanadas @FatimaAli52 emotions make us human :("
eng	negative	"Enough whit this ...:(;(;( ...stop http://t.co/EXV5MoItcE"
eng	negative	"@UberUK all ice cream vans are busy in Bristol :("
eng	negative	"@infispirit_ same lol :("
eng	negative	"@JackButton35560 the subserver is down :("
eng	negative	"just talked to my sis :("
eng	negative	"@gabriel_platon @biancahequibal Oo pre I'm sick :( huhu so sad hahaha"
eng	negative	"@janellearg just got out of the tub :("
eng	negative	"Can't wait to climb #penyfan on sunday. Hoping the rainy weather forecast is wrong! :( #breconbeacons"
eng	negative	"@AlexBarnes96 give me your Skype name my FaceTime doesn't work :("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? KIK - tittheir42 #kik #kikgirl #fuck #kikme #like4like #indiemusic #hottie :( http://t.co/l99IanEBsi"
eng	negative	"@vinrana1986 We Indian fans really miSS UU dear do uu MiSS us :(((("
eng	negative	"I feel so rough :( My throat really hurts and my head keeps going really fuzzy and I feel like I'm going to pass out :'( xx"
eng	negative	"@ColtonLHaynes where the hell are you? I miss my idol :("
eng	negative	"@BEINGASANOCEAN please come to San Antonio again soon :("
eng	negative	"@hoya1991 I miss Kang junhee  :( http://t.co/HDgBmwYSRr"
eng	negative	"I'm still so upset about my hair... :("
eng	negative	"@SaveSxy i couldve joined pz earlier if i didnt wait..:("
eng	negative	"@bbcweather My camping trip starts on Saturday in Somerset...looking good! ...Sunday though is a different story... :-("
eng	negative	"@Maxim_PR given how sunburnt I managed to get this weekend, maybe I'll be safer here in the rain :("
eng	negative	"@JamesMorrisonOK gutted !! I couldn't get tickets and it was my birthday :( are you releasing more dates"
eng	negative	"@rah_sim you didn't even know what k3g was smh :("
eng	negative	"i need to get used to waking up alone again :(("
eng	negative	"What should i do .   BAD VS PARTY AGAIN :((((((("
eng	negative	"@diplo so near yet so far :(  Manila better be in the books soon &lt;/3"
eng	negative	"So steam updated and now my inputs for GameStomp no longer work, if I can't fix this tomorrow I'm gonna have to cancel the entire event :("
eng	negative	"@Mandi_Tinker yes, very inconsiderate of them. :("
eng	negative	"desc me in 8 words — off anon :( http://t.co/uCoB6iaV6W"
eng	negative	"@roguetatt :( i love you"
eng	negative	"@iamsrk sir,please announce don 3!!! i am badly waiting for it!! :("
eng	negative	"Starts raining just as soon as I'm ready for a run :( damn it"
eng	negative	"@mooosebloood are you 100% sure you lost it in your house?? :(("
eng	negative	"Angelo's face while listening to Yna :((( #PSYGustoKita http://t.co/G5OxPE4DRI"
eng	negative	"@yearsandyears gimme european dates :(((((((("
eng	negative	"@davidgold if I send you a fiver towards a new striker can we get one? Without Sakho we have no threat :( a goalscorer and we will be fine."
eng	negative	"ive been reading cute fluffy cs ff :( i miss my babies :("
eng	negative	"Foot pain just woke me up, nooooooo :("
eng	negative	"@Gilinskyscherry FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"I went on at 10:59 and stayed on at 11.00 until now but there were never any @Uber #UberIceCream vehicles available. Sham :("
eng	negative	"I wish my Parents would live forever. :("
eng	negative	"Finding a good conference hotel in London is tricky! They are all too small :("
eng	negative	"i miss baao :("
eng	negative	"@JamesAnthonyT @MitchKinney is he alright?:("
eng	negative	"nisrina is so beautiful :("
eng	negative	"So, its been 40 days since you been gone and I still missing you like crazy bcs there were many hard times that I need you to support me :("
eng	negative	"ladygaga I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ before the end of the month. Don't disappoint me! :("
eng	negative	"@ROOM94 I miss you's lots :-( , hope too see you's soon x"
eng	negative	"@yearsandyears what about Paris :("
eng	negative	"At least I think Marrish is happening, not as my others otp's :("
eng	negative	"I miss my guy bestfriend :("
eng	negative	"Its 6:15 and I'm wide awake :("
eng	negative	"Fuck tired :-((("
eng	negative	"look how beautiful i wanna go back :( http://t.co/Z0dePj5knU"
eng	negative	"@vIackhoIe yess;; i dont have the original pic :("
eng	negative	"@jungsilhoon ......... not really :((((("
eng	negative	"OKAY PLEAS EDOMNT FCK QIH MY FEELINGS SHXBS ENOUGH!!!! :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"1000% battery life please :("
eng	negative	"@fionnlim my leg is white :-("
eng	negative	"@smiffy no :( I'm so sorry"
eng	negative	"@NewburyToday Please help find these baby goats stolen from Chilton. Their mother is crying out to feed them. :-( http://t.co/ZsKASm4nCx"
eng	negative	"Wasted a good outfit today :("
eng	negative	"jackson looks so exhausted :-("
eng	negative	"@deniserayon_ I'm a fuck up :("
eng	negative	"@filadelfiaaa you need to stop being so obsessed over me this is getting creepy :-("
eng	negative	"josh is so tall that when he hugs me he can rest his head on mine :-("
eng	negative	"@AdoreDelano are u there too? :( http://t.co/P4Of3dpGXi"
eng	negative	"Boohoo back to work tonight, another weekend on nights :-(:-(:-("
eng	negative	"@dialoglk I wanna hang out with fellow tweeps and roar the lions to victory #TweepsMatchOut I want to hang out with my twitter family! :("
eng	negative	"justinbieber I bet $20 to a friend that you will follow ✧｡ Chelny ｡✧ before the end of the month. Don't disappoint me! :("
eng	negative	"@_ANGELINA_HORAN FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@MrsPiszczek nein :("
eng	negative	"@girl_communism I can't see that tweet :("
eng	negative	"@bsuzysk 404 not found! :("
eng	negative	"i feel so bad because i fell asleep like right before it turned midnight and wasn't able to tell willlow hbd :("
eng	negative	"@JaquieBrown @SundayStarTimes Sowwy :( The 3000 word limit really grinds my gears, but 0.001% chance of winning makes up for it!"
eng	negative	"Spent ages making our first Vine, only to realise that they're meant to be shot in portrait mode and you can't flip the shots... :("
eng	negative	"@yadirarpineda aw sorry :( you ok? wake up Madi"
eng	negative	"@Shortyy182 what's wrong? :("
eng	negative	"@OpTic_Mochila These are not facts bro :("
eng	negative	"I wish more people did 11:11s for me :("
eng	negative	"@LHBF7F you ruined it &gt;&gt;:("
eng	negative	"Shanzay salabraty :((("
eng	negative	"I WANNA MEET THEM :((("
eng	negative	"@AdityaRajKaul really thought you were one good journo.. But the lure of the gang I see is very strong.. Sad to see you too twisting news :("
eng	negative	"@78LOUlS i love you so so so so so so much :("
eng	negative	"@GIJojo2 Finishing on Monday! Sadly :( Then closed beta at the end of the year!"
eng	negative	"i didnt wanna end up here :("
eng	negative	"@boutagirrl I asked my sister and she said no and neither of my parents have it so like :-("
eng	negative	"I wanna watch a movie :("
eng	negative	"@lgpmoradaax mashaket :(("
eng	negative	"@biobio1993 :( that's so sad... maybe it's a mistake, or they'd feel different about it now? *pets*"
eng	negative	"When you feel like you're making the wrong decision :("
eng	negative	"@Raphaelite_Girl Trying to send you a DM but not working?! :("
eng	negative	":( (with bapak at Royal Prima Hospital) — https://t.co/mufNZljRv7"
eng	negative	"@BeforeYouExit you haven't follow me too :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - mune874 #kik #kikme #tagsforlikes #snapme #bored #hannibal #kikgirl :( http://t.co/ax26wgYdRa"
eng	negative	"@justinbieber if u see this, can u follow me? I'm waiting so long :("
eng	negative	"@larryequality this :( http://t.co/6rEe3BrXe6"
eng	negative	"How to money :("
eng	negative	"@princesswhut FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"i truly miss playing piano so much, i should of never stopped :((("
eng	negative	"@LuiCalibre I'd be down but man i have to work right now :("
eng	negative	"PLISSS TWEET THIS ELF :( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	negative	"@junghooked @BTS_twt of course!! i dont think he'll take it seriously omg how nice if he saw this :-(("
eng	negative	"Went home &amp; came back :-( (@ Sunway College - @sunwayc in Petaling Jaya, Selangor) https://t.co/Hgr1dMQ1eQ"
eng	negative	"@aurorakween I STILL GOTTA GLOW UP OK :("
eng	negative	"Huhuu Thank you for all the "congratulations" and the "proud of you" You guys have no idea how happy I am thank you for the support :((("
eng	negative	"@Thirty3forty5 Yeah - we thought that was part of the tour we did  today, but it wasn't. :-("
eng	negative	"@luvsgngrhd ME TOO :((( wHERE IS MARGO"
eng	negative	"@marixyanchik1 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Konga"@BeemanNONI: Well... "@_topeh: ni wa*"@iCUM_Thrice: Ode ni e"@_topeh: K "@iCUM_Thrice: I need to be disvirgined..like seriously! :("""
eng	negative	"I hear u"@OccupyNaija: But you know I do na... :( We can negotiate the Bride Price Advance Payment https://t.co/7M7pZMPw7u""
eng	negative	"I thought I tweeted the link to end the yulin dog meat festival but idk what happened to it .. :( Imma try again"
eng	negative	"Ive got so much things to do in 3 days. :( what is syawal now. http://t.co/QZ4K9f36bs"
eng	negative	"I need to see my boys again :("
eng	negative	"i lapar :("
eng	negative	"@lmaoclffrd yeah sad life :(("
eng	negative	"Watching @IVSofia 's story on Snapchat is killing me. Whats your life ? Beach + Pool all week long ? When are you working Bitch ! :("
eng	negative	"i forgot to get pale foundation :("
eng	negative	"Sian :( why my plans always clash one fml 😭 facil head training this entire weekend and DH chalet. GOT SO SUAY ANOT 😢 HOW TO GO FOR BOTH"
eng	negative	"@cloche_hat ah. Good luck then. My cat used to let them go in the house to have something to play with over winter. Fast little buggers :("
eng	negative	"एक बार फिर सेँ धोखा........ &gt;:(   &gt;_&lt; — feeling silly at Chandauli Majhwar railway station http://t.co/iWAeDmuooP"
eng	negative	"Cant stand seeing my titos and titas cry :((((((( please pray for my cousin, he's in critical condition right now :("
eng	negative	"@celine_s16 I don't think you would like the answer to this question :("
eng	negative	"number 13 :("
eng	negative	"@wearedetr0it steals my narcos growing :("
eng	negative	"nightmares :("
eng	negative	"@milesSI ruins the game for me. You'll notice many stop playing the game when there are many regens. They don't look realistic :( shame"
eng	negative	"@crybassist why have people unfaved and rted this :("
eng	negative	"@Hayleychinney Hope this isn't a regular problem for you :( Can you please let us know where you travel to/from and the time this was due?"
eng	negative	"It's just heavy duty Benadryl lmao but dat shit works! I forgot to take it earlier :(("
eng	negative	"@pookiportia do share :("
eng	negative	"@IamMansoorKhan I hate it when u are offline :("
eng	negative	"@KISSINGJAl FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Not looking forward to this night shift tonight :("
eng	negative	"@irlfaker all nighter :("
eng	negative	"@gelzarraga dude, why arent u answering any of my msgs :(("
eng	negative	"yg new gg please :-("
eng	negative	"@SarahH9977 Thanks hun. Shame one of the sxrew on ends came off and dissappeared. Alot of swapping around and bleeding all over the place.:("
eng	negative	"@limonyeozaman ishal mi :("
eng	negative	"@cutelikejdb FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"high school days :(( https://t.co/sZemQfSZWx"
eng	negative	"@muscularpayne YES BABE !!!! I MISSED U SO MUCH MORE :( I HATE U"
eng	negative	"It just ant working out .. :("
eng	negative	"I'm so sorry about my spam guys :( http://t.co/zpLPgKesOH"
eng	negative	"@jhezreenmae thaanks Jhezz!! Omg stay awesome and damn your sneaks :(("
eng	negative	"@kargadouri FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"tHE FANDOM IS BORED :((( DON'T HURT ME #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"@margiefeeney11 barely any for Saturday and standing though :("
eng	negative	"Soft defence by the best defensive team there :( #NRLTigersRoosters"
eng	negative	"and it's also so unfair that she won't be in the season 2 of @SecretsLiesABC i want indiana back, i don't want a new cast :("
eng	negative	"@ImHibaNoor Hibbs fOllow back Nh Do gi ?? :o :("
eng	negative	"Now I'm sad :( https://t.co/Ribf3SkrDI"
eng	negative	"Where is this new Frank Ocean album :( :( :("
eng	negative	"@sasaribena BibleThump :("
eng	negative	"Stress come on :("
eng	negative	"@RFarghaly123 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@mariaebun its not me :( its the person in me, sorry xxx"
eng	negative	"I rlyyyy wanna get my septum pierced but my mum won't let me :("
eng	negative	"@muscularpayne GOOOD but its so hot here my tan line are ugly but im going home tonight!:("
eng	negative	"@O2 Hiya, can you tell me if the Amazon fire phone is still available? I can't find it on the web site :("
eng	negative	"Stressed :("
eng	negative	"@GABRlEIIE not as much as my brother :("
eng	negative	"@Camy19994 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@stairwaytoalex sorry for saying your leg black in a venomous way :-("
eng	negative	"And oh great, I'm sharing a carriage with a group of middle aged women in pink fur-trimmed stetsons. They've started drinking already &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@RocketLeague you have a due date for the fix of error 59 ? My friend and me can't still play :("
eng	negative	"hays :("
eng	negative	"i dont know :("
eng	negative	"@Childcareisfun @geekisnewchic :( okay"
eng	negative	"@caylahhhh when my baby angel dies :(("
eng	negative	"Xue hasn't made me sing any songs for so long D:! She always gives Midori all the work! What about me :(?"
eng	negative	"Hi @facebook please help me in getting back my disabled account. I really really need it back. :("
eng	negative	"Ang sakit!!!! Inside and out! :("
eng	negative	"but you already have me. :(  https://t.co/CTmgOcgC54"
eng	negative	"@kidrauhLogan FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@kaylakerwin :( that disgusts me what a piece of shit..you're such an amazing mother Mateo &amp; Brooklyn are so lucky💗 he doesn't deserve to"
eng	negative	"When a guy buys u a water, but u can't drink it because u didn't watch the cup like a hawk as he transferred it from the bartender to u :("
eng	negative	":(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	negative	"'Working from home' normally means 'surfing' but not in this case :("
eng	negative	"@atiraxia :(...feel better bby!"
eng	negative	"@RebelYelliex ok you better stay, otherwise i will miss you too much :("
eng	negative	"@EvaMcL3 That's shocking! Why can't people just live &amp; let live? Sometimes I despair of this world! :( Hope you're OK."
eng	negative	"@BUTERAIRLINES FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@honestfandom bc were still hoping :("
eng	negative	"Why the hell insta is not working :(("
eng	negative	"@Real_Liam_Payne when will you notice me :("
eng	negative	"I miss Chris ' voice :("
eng	negative	"@myteksi hi, may i request a promo code pls? Tried using iwantin but got rejected just now :("
eng	negative	"@cherryboyJJ :( then pls don't think you're not good enough ^__________^ let him be. if he's missing this chance then it is his fault"
eng	negative	"@1DMspree @njhla omfg harry pls bae :( don't ignore me"
eng	negative	"@amerazjm FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Goodluck to your pocket "@SwitInno: And I'm moving next week :( https://t.co/HCMO09MhQt…""
eng	negative	"@stylesandjord and a month since i saw them :("
eng	negative	"@DanReeve86 I am really sorry you received the wrong order :( We would like to sort this out straight away. Can you email Help@VeryHQ.co.uk?"
eng	negative	"Photo: benedictervention: This is what happens to the contents of 221B between seasons :( You’d think... http://t.co/XXXtCKj5SP"
eng	negative	"@zeynepirdal FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Feel like movies and popcorn today at the cinemas.... But no one to go with :("
eng	negative	"Sleeping alone is terrible :("
eng	negative	"@kyuzizi Hey! Take care of yourself. :( :*"
eng	negative	"joyce,calm down :(("
eng	negative	"@unit02chainz oops I meant those tiny chat days oooops :-("
eng	negative	"Spotify finally figured out that I'm not in the US and won't let me listen anymore :("
eng	negative	"i have to go :("
eng	negative	"@nickiepedia :( I can't. My parents are here na and my plans don't usually work out when they're here huhu. But I could try to make paalam"
eng	negative	"@princess_sair I'm not being mean :( your my sazballs ❤"
eng	negative	"@haestarxx they've been cuting it after his pants incident :("
eng	negative	"school starts pretty soon :("
eng	negative	"why are so many things happening tomorrow aaaahh :(( wanna gooooo"
eng	negative	"No stomach's already growling :("
eng	negative	"Shaved my hair.. i feel like I gotta shave my beard a bit now :( nooooope."
eng	negative	"Omg happy late birthday @mariahjoyyy I'm so sorry I missed it :( love you though hope you had a lot of fun 😘🎉"
eng	negative	"@Cro_Marta FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@RanDomly_Dom ding ding ding! a hundred points for u :((("
eng	negative	"@churlishmeg Hi Meg. Just sent you an email about Verity's performances being cancelled this weekend. :( Rupert"
eng	negative	"@gulermaanb @sir_mancio amin :("
eng	negative	"Weekend = Work + Studying :(("
eng	negative	"Retweet this pleaaase :((( 👆🏻👆🏻"
eng	negative	"Woaah Chris Brown :((("
eng	negative	"@TimmiTRetro @S0LV0 @sonicretro sorry solvo ;-;  dont mean 2 :((( http://t.co/uz8ZgUEZ1A"
eng	negative	"you're gonna be such a good father :( https://t.co/wNAdY4En1E"
eng	negative	"@anissapenaa :( it would it really would"
eng	negative	"@mrandmrsMCT no way I missed it too :("
eng	negative	"i'm still finishing my work, dad. : ( https://t.co/T5mb06nkdS"
eng	negative	"@luke_brooks I need a twin :("
eng	negative	"No baby no :( http://t.co/dNSaPwiUQA"
eng	negative	"@destinydatabase just want some new stuff :( me and @__Crow__ used to love Friday's for Xur been months of no excitement now :("
eng	negative	"@Austin_Love_AM FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"When you step on a lego barefooted. :("
eng	negative	"That time Twelvyy got rude :( http://t.co/zWreWycNrf"
eng	negative	"I need to sleep cuz another meeting at work in the morning :-("
eng	negative	"@Stockhausens just have to hope and pray he's in good hands I'm far from being able to see him and I can't call him with :("
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris  Hello! ... :("
eng	negative	"Good news on the Boaz Myhill front but not on takeover news :-( #wba"
eng	negative	"anyone has the pic of taeyeon's derp in channel snsd hahahaha pd didn't zoom into hers :((( LMAO SUNNY's. BESST."
eng	negative	"@leighalexander blood and plague pits :("
eng	negative	"@dargurl_serwiee Ok rich kid, I give up :("
eng	negative	"@Natvolpato1 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"And ignore my video game posts :("
eng	negative	"@tackdriver56 yes that's a scary sight seeing frail people in cars. It's a lottery riding near those people, I always hold my breath :("
eng	negative	"@Itsmiagiron okay :("
eng	negative	"twurkin is razzist!!!!!!!!!!1!! blocks and reports u and writes a tumblr post about u :("
eng	negative	"@hstylessssayers @natishlouise MIGHT? :-("
eng	negative	"KIK me guys - shek609 #kik #kikgirl #hot #likeforlike #horny #goodmusic #mugshot :( http://t.co/FDmw6B7jAL"
eng	negative	"@cooldigangana @DiganganaS I want to attend ur birthday plssssssssssssssss :("
eng	negative	"So Taissa Farmiga and Emma Roberts aren't in this season of AHS ? :("
eng	negative	"sorry :((( https://t.co/7BjmbfAPAZ"
eng	negative	"So gutted can't get to Liverpool tonight to see @JakeQuickenden on his final tour night gutted isn't the word :("
eng	negative	"@drewsdimple he always does this when his hair is getting long :("
eng	negative	"@josselynramos01 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Fever :((("
eng	negative	"@subsubjjang YEAH HE DID BC AT THE END HE RUN BACK TO HIS PLACE HAHAHA I DIDNT SAW THEM LAUGHING THO BC LOW QUALITY :("
eng	negative	"@daniellesladek Hi Danielle, oh no :( Do you have the latest software installed? Have you tried doing a back up and restore?"
eng	negative	"Why momo, why? :( https://t.co/HcqK1IZBRp"
eng	negative	"@inathancameron why you unfollow me? :("
eng	negative	"@alkapranos like pharma, sugar....almost immovable :("
eng	negative	"why is got7's outfit for music bank so messy? :( the colour could have been better"
eng	negative	"@myeongwh0re thank you anshe :( idk i just can't bring myself to get it off my mind but thank you;;"
eng	negative	"@Lill_Hippie FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Watching guys total their F1 cars makes me sad:( watching billions of rands get fucked :("
eng	negative	"@Mz_Phoi im bein so serious its sad....lol go tla tweng? Ive got shit genes :("
eng	negative	"@00kouhey00 Shut fuck up.Come here right now &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@swelcome me too :("
eng	negative	"#SandraBland May Your Soul Rest In Peace. Our Thoughts and Prayers Are With her Family! :("
eng	negative	"@rhiska22 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"I can't believe that I got home, to find out that my brother is in jail, &amp; is getting sent to county tomorrow like wtf! This isn't fair :("
eng	negative	"@Solo_Dm_Helperr Me please i love she :("
eng	negative	"is this better or should i just change it back omg :("
eng	negative	"@changkyunaf AHH WHY HE NO CHANGE IT SOUNDS COOLER :(( LMAO YES 2 MINHYUKS"
eng	negative	"Cause I want those nails :( http://t.co/ppwe3NHMs4"
eng	negative	"@kazonomics @CNBC Man they told me to buy gold all the way down from 1900.. and now they tell me to sell :( ?"
eng	negative	"@Suzy4everfan 😪😪😪 so tired sis we wait Yu nas hz :("
eng	negative	"@jonathan_wolle Lucky :("
eng	negative	"@ohkaibaeks I only have 1 though!! :("
eng	negative	"@EXOWORLDINA is he crying or something ?? His nose is red ! :("
eng	negative	"what usually happens :( https://t.co/6o3ZgNOnvh"
eng	negative	"OMG selena tweets while i was busy out :("
eng	negative	"saturday classes :( fuck"
eng	negative	"@maibasyony I love you much more ♡♡♡ I swear emta hatigii b2aa :((((("
eng	negative	"I wanna go see Paper Towns :("
eng	negative	"@LucasUpton @maffup enjoy these treats while young :("
eng	negative	"@LukeBryanOnline Yayyyy!!! I hope it's not while I am knocked out by anesthesia. I will be so sad if I miss it :("
eng	negative	"If anybody around Penrith/Emu Plains sees her (she's giant and hard to miss) please let me know Very important :( http://t.co/zQh19Rl1t2"
eng	negative	"@_tiffanyhwang like.... just put it at one side... or tell the staff... She still like slotted it in to make it look untouched :("
eng	negative	"I WANT APINK TO WIN :( #더쇼 #에이핑크 @SBS_MTV"
eng	negative	"@gummistovlar brienne meeting lsh im so :("
eng	negative	":-( I'm up w no one to talk to. Bye"
eng	negative	"@BBCSport he's always gunna be a former Leeds manager :("
eng	negative	"Darn :( http://t.co/lLeXrMuiXz"
eng	negative	"why didnt u :("
eng	negative	"@dongvvoo1122 that's what im thinking too tbh :(("
eng	negative	"@fawadchaudhry May ALLAH save us from Pakistan`s Juudiciary :("
eng	negative	"so sad to be leaving, Tim Horton's is better than Dunkin :((("
eng	negative	"Vidcon :((((((((("
eng	negative	"@HeelSimba :( well let me know on the day if after work you feel like socialising and I will make time for you!"
eng	negative	"I wish I had Cara Delevingne's face :-("
eng	negative	"My biggest fear is getting some drugs laced with something and flipping the fuck out :("
eng	negative	"Easier said than done :( https://t.co/7HTgd85HfF"
eng	negative	"@HoneyDogKimura Yes so far. Been nightmare to sort out. No Will. :( But light @ end of tunnel now fank Dog. xxx"
eng	negative	"Omg wtf people from apb got there schedule already?? I wish they did that for us :("
eng	negative	"phone fell out of my hand and it woke me up :("
eng	negative	"@FilthyFrank i love u :-("
eng	negative	"@crude18 takfaham. :("
eng	negative	"@yg_melissa look nothing I'm just bored :("
eng	negative	"this bird just had to shit on me :("
eng	negative	"@dumplinghoya :(( but I want to get at least a little bit older so I can do stuff XD"
eng	negative	"Ufffff Sr Dard :( — drinking green tea"
eng	negative	"@tmhcuddly awwww KATEKYN :( I wish you could get it back"
eng	negative	"@dongvvoo1122 ehh?? i dont think line supports that :(("
eng	negative	"@lana___amiir @FATMA_TEARS @saad_my_life @FatimaZahra_SA @Saadlamjarred1 yeahhh :( .. It means have "hacharatt ""
eng	negative	"NIALL NIWLL NIALL NIALL :(((((( https://t.co/vftOOtSopP"
eng	negative	"@realmadrid New kit is not looking good.... Poor.:("
eng	negative	"@electricgujtars not u i love u :("
eng	negative	"@douglaswhates @muziekweek Aw :-( Depends how you define success! Good music is success (2 me), so I'd say you're successful! | How are you?"
eng	negative	"@kylaaareese me too :("
eng	negative	"it's been a month tomorrow since luke followed me :("
eng	negative	"Witnessed ! #family #trip to #goa :( https://t.co/u13lmgymTH"
eng	negative	"@_orrhettofrappe they don't know how to make linis kasi :((( so sad. that's why im sweating kanina and it's so init pa huhu"
eng	negative	"@LANISeanDon my brothers do that, I gets pissed off :("
eng	negative	"Awww really miss RHD celebration :("
eng	negative	"Their 1st week digital point is decent. And so does their physical album point :((( wae"
eng	negative	"Gonna miss the subsidized lunches :( https://t.co/XwpUutxD60"
eng	negative	"@marjswifter i would never be! I understand though. Just a bummer i still won't be able to meet you. :( :( :( :("
eng	negative	"Gutted that the @bellesglasgow 20th anniversary shows next year clash with @GlastoFest :("
eng	negative	"youngjae is getting more handsome im :((("
eng	negative	"@LeeUUHN No specific dates, just whenever we catch each other :("
eng	negative	"@devan4director DUDE :-( DM me it I swear I won't add her"
eng	negative	"Tbh, bestfriend breakups are even worse than relationship breakups. :("
eng	negative	"harumph it's all soggy here :( was hoping to go do some more weeding"
eng	negative	"And I'm moving next week :( https://t.co/zEITfrs8kB"
eng	negative	"@crunchy_mummy @stevie_couch @Twinmumanddad @RunJumpScrap @helsy_1983 @NigeHiggins4 @Mr_Kitney it's raining her today, boo :("
eng	negative	"@lynfogeek "We're sorry, but Google Play Music is currently experiencing errors. Please try again in a few minutes."  :("
eng	negative	"Im so hurt Selena was the best :("
eng	negative	"the only thing i miss about Ireland is the cheese :("
eng	negative	"I forgot to bring some of my #kitkat green teas and sakura flavour chokkie :( 😩😭🍵🌸"
eng	negative	"@_siMan__ says it's unavailable. :-("
eng	negative	"@S0LV0 @omgNova @sonicretro Sorry!!! :("
eng	negative	"@chattsss I was going to pick you up earlier w/ richard but I forget you went to a gay club :("
eng	negative	"@celestiaIstars I actually typed this at 11:11 then my laptop took forever to tweet :(("
eng	negative	"why does it hurt so bad :(("
eng	negative	"@sandwichlove_ I MISS them so much :("
eng	negative	"Going to sleep alone :("
eng	negative	"@yongshwa huhu i know :-( thanks before satya! xx"
eng	negative	"My Aditya, mommy miss u sooo much :( ."
eng	negative	"@diegxdelrey is this on ur computer? mine did it too :("
eng	negative	"wanna go to singapore :("
eng	negative	"I WANT 🍜🍜🍜🍜🍜 :((("
eng	negative	"take me back pls :( http://t.co/baFVb7CXWZ"
eng	negative	"THERES THIS VIBRATING NOISE THAT WOKE ME UP ANS I KEEP HEARING IT AND ITS MAKING ME SAD CUS IM SO TIRED :(("
eng	negative	"@Charlo_Parker Sorry :("
eng	negative	"So many people are dying while returning to Dhaka after celebrating Eid. :(  Guess traffic jam is in fact a... http://t.co/lR3JUxPtJG"
eng	negative	"@Kellipage17 Haha, aw :( Sucks to be you! I shall be there in spirit keeping you warm &amp; cheering for you?"
eng	negative	"@Uber How do we get our free Cornettos? We can't figure it out :-( x"
eng	negative	"@rainbowsessed nosebleed :("
eng	negative	"I had a scary dream &amp; now I can't go back to sleep :-(((("
eng	negative	"But T. ______  is mad of us. I think. :( :("
eng	negative	"@NintendoUK @InTheLittleWood I want his game!!! But the last Nintendo I bought was a wii :("
eng	negative	"I think I should stop getting so angry over stupid shit :("
eng	negative	"Wew ramos on the ground :("
eng	negative	"i love got7's outfit for just right &gt;:( its so fun"
eng	negative	"@MollyRosenblatt @Gonzo @Fox35Amy @luannesorrell @JaymeKingFox35 @Fox35John @ryanelijah @KOBprod I'm a fan of hair since I don't have any :("
eng	negative	"I don't sleep enough :("
eng	negative	"@HelpwDms Hi. Sorry, I already have a Shawn Mendes sponsor :("
eng	negative	"@bellakpopkpop -cont- I have LINE :l same, I just online to reply mention and just watching tl x) sorry for late reply :("
eng	negative	"Today Is a horrible day :( so dark and dinghy :'( http://t.co/oKR3mwS4jm"
eng	negative	"@Skye_Fern Hi Skye! I'm sorry to hear this! :( Can you DM which store this is please and a name/description of the colleague please? (1)"
eng	negative	"Why cant i see ur album? :( @BeaMiller"
eng	negative	"Evening :((("
eng	negative	"Gagal total :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	negative	"I miss being a kid :-( http://t.co/724BGj38Hq"
eng	negative	"someone txt me :("
eng	negative	"i want to play sims 4 :("
eng	negative	"Noooot tired :("
eng	negative	"Aww. :( I liked Notch too. https://t.co/Hl310mipzP"
eng	negative	"@BannonAmanda thts depressing :-((("
eng	negative	"Sucks everyones knocked :("
eng	negative	"I'm starving :("
eng	negative	"Only a fuck day 󾆖 :("
eng	negative	"Me too :( https://t.co/naDYZSJbca"
eng	negative	"mum woke me up to help with shopping now I'm awake and tired :("
eng	negative	"@benwalker87 why are they all busy :("
eng	negative	":-( "@jperkovic93: Madrid playing in pyjamas today""
eng	negative	"@Marx_Envy dat suks i want my old sleeping schedule back :("
eng	negative	"Ugh, I think I'm getting sick. :("
eng	negative	"@charmsham i can't able to view pics da.. :( wat pic is this?"
eng	negative	"@taylorswift13 How are Swifties outside of U.S. supposed to vote? :( Really really really want to help you win!"
eng	negative	"@annayeng sorna :(((("
eng	negative	"@zora_db Just texted you, I am dying of lurgy, Jim! :("
eng	negative	"i love the grey kit but i can't afford 3 kits :("
eng	negative	"@chantalYM_ I went in to see them and apparently used about 6Gb extra of data :("
eng	negative	"I've always wanted to see Two Door Cinema Club live :("
eng	negative	"@fenestawindows Now You Scaring Me :( #Fenestoscope"
eng	negative	"@AinsworthKeira did I not? Ah what a shame that is. Why am I not a shuffle queen like you :("
eng	negative	"@pablonerudaofic FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"everything was so much easier back then :(  http://t.co/gW0vFMQqzQ"
eng	negative	"@knives_chau I'm not surprised! :((("
eng	negative	"hope bb can get some proper rest soon :((("
eng	negative	"Etienne is making me sad :("
eng	negative	"sometimes i wanted to be with myself.... :("
eng	negative	"Can i cry for real coz the bandana s so cute to match for my dress.:(("
eng	negative	"@colon_valeria FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Look how many people still think the more a woman has sex, the bigger her vagina. Sigh :( http://t.co/q1hctzJXvF"
eng	negative	"@jan_iyer :( u didnt wish suriya anna...."
eng	negative	"@CoreyHenson15 Follow me :("
eng	negative	"@thei100 @Independent you said I was a man, I don't have dangling bits :("
eng	negative	"I was just thinking mjhe aaj tak kisi ne DM ni kiya :("
eng	negative	"@queenvause what's wrong?? :("
eng	negative	"@Aishjayx3 what happened to your eyesight? :("
eng	negative	"I don't know how to start my requirements :("
eng	negative	"@JamesMorrisonOK what about Leeds? I wanna see you live again :("
eng	negative	"@kendrahatesu FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@tataykosiharry I have 25 :( 25x30 ?"
eng	negative	"Hi everyone.. Good afteNoon   feeling Booooore  :( :("
eng	negative	"I got sleep medicine, but imma be out till 7 pm tomorrow if i take it now :((("
eng	negative	"Why is it that I always wake up around 3 and can't fall back asleep :("
eng	negative	"@AllRiseSilver uuu you make me hungry :( haha enjoy your meal~"
eng	negative	"11:11 a boyfriend :("
eng	negative	"@Karishmakumari no ma you are! :("
eng	negative	"@Louis_Tomlinson i wish i had the money to fly and see your concerts! :("
eng	negative	"#FreebieFriday  fingers crossed had to cut down food shop cos unexpected garage bill this week :(  https://t.co/k7bFXN9H5V"
eng	negative	""I know you said this is Michael Jackson, but this is obviously a little boy" - my little brother while listening to a Jackson 5 song :("
eng	negative	"@BOCAGIRLSLAYED FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@AchterHorkrux nein. :("
eng	negative	"gyu looks really good in denim :( http://t.co/SXzNAUQ7Vs"
eng	negative	"Still on the outside looking in at all fun going on with @bemeapp ... somebody please code me up :("
eng	negative	"@camss59 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Ce @7essycaauryn say GWS for me pleaseee ??? :("
eng	negative	"good night :("
eng	negative	"Nice whilst it lasted :( #AFLBluesHawks"
eng	negative	"@iTunes  hi, I could not find any other way to contact Apple. Shuffle doesn't work at all, it only plays one song. :( http://t.co/qtgCn7Wi1P"
eng	negative	"so wtf should I do today ?.....:(((("
eng	negative	"@thevinnythepooh welcome to my version of twitter hell :(( @jefflacs"
eng	negative	"I can't stop watching Greys anatomy :("
eng	negative	"@TheWeatherNetUK Sorry, not sorry :("
eng	negative	"No1 online :("
eng	negative	"why does she look so :( http://t.co/2NajN7LP0c"
eng	negative	"@WaqasAliRajput4 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"i love morisette's voice af :("
eng	negative	"how tf do i get photoshop and flash non-trial version :(((("
eng	negative	"This is awful :( #SayHerName #SandraBland http://t.co/XT9P3J9v83"
eng	negative	"@lootcrate hey I've received my lootcrate today and the box was damaged and has damaged some of the items inside :( what can I do about it?"
eng	negative	"@gadventures So hard to pick just one. The Inca Trail was tough but fair, sandboarding was fun but lost my iPhone :( http://t.co/98H24VFdp4"
eng	negative	"@MollettGames So, so, SO much :( Especially if a TV network cancels it before it's time :'("
eng	negative	""NO ICE CREAM AVAILABLE" what a surprise.... @UberUK #leeds :("
eng	negative	"@davidottewell all while you and I cried into our Derby County and Leeds United coffee mugs -- unable to share our hate of Man U. :("
eng	negative	"@emre_lavigne FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@CameronNeil yeah true but I fucked up one of my signature dishes last night! Unfamiliar kitchen :("
eng	negative	"He hates me now, that's for sure. :((("
eng	negative	"@Eskom_MediaDesk bad news but nothing new wait for the coldest weekend and have load shedding :("
eng	negative	"@osullivand it was the 10 year old's cat and his first loss of a pet too :("
eng	negative	"@AWSSupport Thanks - can someone maybe look at case 1451834461 fast  - I totally fucked up and its mad expensive :("
eng	negative	"thirdwheeling these lovebirds :( http://t.co/kMrSV4YCz0"
eng	negative	"crying again for the nth time today :( kinda tired tho hay what am I gonna do with my life"
eng	negative	":( Dark Horse is better IMO sorry not sorry https://t.co/QfTrANs4Yd"
eng	negative	"@myungfart DONT CRY BABY  TALK TO ME :("
eng	negative	"@FATMA_TEARS me too :("
eng	negative	"what do you mean :( http://t.co/xb7114NLDN"
eng	negative	"@JerryFitzgibbon still a lot of tweets to delete by hand... :("
eng	negative	"Dude, I won't even go watch it :(  https://t.co/6BItjMbEtX"
eng	negative	"i feel like that shirt is  familiar  ? :("
eng	negative	"The truth is, if I could be with anyone, I would still choose you. &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@otraway same :("
eng	negative	"Ahhhhh last 2 stages to go :((("
eng	negative	"@tmhsposey that was the account that got hacked :("
eng	negative	"@@JulietteMaughan realising that I never received my copies of #Sensiesha :("
eng	negative	"Trying not to think about returning from Spain and leaving our eldest behind. She's already had one cry about it :("
eng	negative	"i miss netball :(("
eng	negative	"@Kingstxnn Omg how u know............. 😟 HAHA keedz la its gonna be a long time before i party again :((("
eng	negative	"@aysegul_k please?  If its okay tho.  Its just sooooooooo soooo hard to get a follow from him :("
eng	negative	"I MISS TAYBIGAIL :("
eng	negative	"@FrantaAndBiebxr FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"feelings suck guys :-("
eng	negative	"@VisionzChokez nah i only have 1 no more jordans :( no more tournaments :( im goin ps4"
eng	negative	"can't kinks my chargers fucked up :-("
eng	negative	"@tanginnomo no he kept looking at my bag :("
eng	negative	"20 losing streak... sad (:-("
eng	negative	"@amk Mine too! :("
eng	negative	"@COSMICNEWT WERE NOT READY FOR SCORCH SRSKY :( much more for tdc"
eng	negative	"need rest badly :-("
eng	negative	"i miss them :("
eng	negative	"Cant believe @TomParker &amp; @MissKelseyH are finally in Egypt and i still wont be able to meet them :( #Gutted"
eng	negative	"@maicaocampooo I'm really sorry :("
eng	negative	"Height of In-sensitiveness.....ridiculous...:(  https://t.co/bIBuYc44P5"
eng	negative	"@jessicarios468 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"Struggling like crazy to get into a race fan mode. My head wants to, but my heart is just not cooperating at all. :("
eng	negative	"I will never fix my sleeping schedule before school starts :("
eng	negative	"@EdenAdore hate to see you sad :( x"
eng	negative	"Come on @Uber. I want #UberIceCream. :(( http://t.co/Xl6kKYUbk3"
eng	negative	"@itsNotMirna congrats! Yay! Why didn't you invite me :("
eng	negative	"@RachaelAtWork @curexcomplex Don't even talk to me about computers. I'm having a data conversion done and it's all gone wrong. Crying :("
eng	negative	"Donna Thurston Collins we saw him today, he was the only dog sitting quietly in the kennel :( 911 NEEDS OUT... http://t.co/T8O7X2aRTm"
eng	negative	"Schools so shit rn!:("
eng	negative	"@nashyy_niall FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@AYINAJ__ why you only got half :((("
eng	negative	"Want pluckerssss :("
eng	negative	"@ZaynReport @MakeYouKnowLove what's mean? I don't understand nothing :("
eng	negative	"My KIK - gion886 #kik #kikhorny #teens #talk #nsfw #kidschoiceawards2015 #hotfmnoaidilforariana :( http://t.co/YbOKUQDWyE"
eng	negative	"I recorded ming and PBR giving me a shoutout on periscope but uts not letting me upload :( i'll try why i get home"
eng	negative	"@OGLeahSwanky i miss you more lil shawty :(("
eng	negative	"@threecheeese @Jutalkingtomeh I can't tomorrow. Naw :(( just eat my share. Huhu"
eng	negative	"Sterling's gonna be so good at City :("
eng	negative	"MY kik - abligaverins7 #kik #hornykik #photooftheday #kikchat #likeforlike #indiemusic #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :( http://t.co/CCr5mIKmMZ"
eng	negative	"apparently 9muses' performance was cut today &gt;:("
eng	negative	"hrryok: the fact that harry still hold his mom’s hand :( :( :( http://t.co/hgE3nNSq4q"
eng	negative	"I need a massage :( ASAP"
eng	negative	"I want to be friends with them and go to concerts :((( @camilacabello97 @LaurenJauregui http://t.co/TtBSmyLS2N"
eng	negative	"Can't keep up :("
eng	negative	"@teenpunklou yup, same.. I thought it was going to be on sale at 8 am, and it wnt on sale at 9:30 I bought it at 9:48... :("
eng	negative	"@RealTurkeyLady 9/11 kinda ruined it for me. The sound makes me brace myself for hearing the plane crash every time. No bueno. :("
eng	negative	"@DLS_34 have you checked with the receptionist, our surgery tell us to check after 20 mins,you may have been forgotten :("
eng	negative	"SICK :("
eng	negative	"@myungfart cheer up ella :("
eng	negative	"I have that feeling in my nose when you're in the pool and all the water goes up it :("
eng	negative	"@WforWoman  9) shopping will be like fries without ketchup. Tasteless :(  #WSaleLove"
eng	negative	"@ikebukuroh deantd :-( #justgotkanekified"
eng	negative	"@MiaCousins ah thanks babes #notgonnabeactivefor2weeksdontmissittoomuch :("
eng	negative	"Think I'm going to have some sort of breakdown! @JackWhiteMedia's 2013 Disney Vlog has been taken down again! :-( it's my favourite one! :-("
eng	negative	"This gives me the chills :("
eng	negative	"@JuzzyftMahone FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@Xjenrobinson :( no swimming with turtles for me"
eng	negative	"@DSLewisUK you know :("
eng	negative	"CNN are running with a strapline "Are Movie Theatres Safe"...? Yes because that's where the problem lies :-(  #Guncontrol  #Lafayette"
eng	negative	"@CrazyGreen16 HAHAHA i support them but this song alot ppl say not good so :((( INFINITE VS WHO AH"
eng	negative	"i got stung by a wasp im crying so hard the tweak keeps getting bigger ive never been stung by one before i hope im not allergic to it :("
eng	negative	"@ncilla so thát's what i've been doing wrong :( a powerpoint presentation with expectations before, during and after diner is no-no either?"
eng	negative	"@vivalabeat Not fun, no :( Will try to find somewhere to nap on lunch hour"
eng	negative	"@lgpmoradaax hinde :(("
eng	negative	"@Marx_Envy how worse ? :("
eng	negative	"@Jime_JB21 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@adwyhz ticket da expire :("
eng	negative	"@Jennyi_jc yes.. could you link me the YT u are using? :("
eng	negative	"Why am I not tierd  :("
eng	negative	"@marjswifter but but out of all the days, same day pa :( your company is mean 💔 jk"
eng	negative	"@Donoxh oh my 😢 my friend of 8 years is helping me :("
eng	negative	"I miss my circuit training during my secondary school days :("
eng	negative	"i just wanna sleeeeep :("
eng	negative	"@argon_ramos @SoddersLiger *joins the hugs* I'm sorry to hear Sodders :("
eng	negative	"@achiralk thanks for the feedback. Here I was thinking that perhaps Mobitel may be better off, heck, guess not :("
eng	negative	"@Domidodah that's not good :-("
eng	negative	"But you know I do na... :( We can negotiate the Bride Price Advance Payment https://t.co/2uRT9ae8Px"
eng	negative	"@notaxation Colin, my PS4 is dying!? :( where can I find playstation support, without being charged money to call? Any help much appreciated"
eng	negative	"@thisfrozensea :((((( don't b rude"
eng	negative	"@Salweimar FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@virginmedia how long till Internet will go on? Was late in paying my bill and this exp waste is killing me :("
eng	negative	"@zupiapre Unfortunately, yes :( why?"
eng	negative	"@eveh1_1 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@mgyhahsnayreht :( I was like OMG when I saw what I misspelt"
eng	negative	"@kassi_grace Real life always gets in the way :("
eng	negative	"She's so nice :(("
eng	negative	":( true https://t.co/tTWEtt5GEP"
eng	negative	"i wan  t  a boyfriend :-(((("
eng	negative	"hyungwon was so beautiful just now!!!!!!!! :("
eng	negative	"I totally slept through my alarms so now I can't go to the gym :("
eng	negative	"@yeymp3 :( I hope you have an easy day at work today ❤️"
eng	negative	"IM HOPING :(( https://t.co/Q5slQJWgDT"
eng	negative	"What a painful way to die :("
eng	negative	"@GBiebs17 FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@Uber Trying to get an ice cream in leeds but it keeps cancelling on me :( #NeedIceCreamNow #UberIceCream"
eng	negative	"@katrinacagro  flight is on August 6 na :("
eng	negative	"shakes my head repeatedly. nu-uh, jace, i love you the mostest! &gt; : ("
eng	negative	"@wwedrzziy @WWESuperCard_Ar @M76xMohamed @xalmtw7shx @semo_supercard @meto0003 @Mahmoud_Rida21 Congratulation :("
eng	negative	"@aylinguvenkaya_ FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"ph vips next week na :(((("
eng	negative	"@Starlight_Sarah awwww oh nein :("
eng	negative	"@selenagcyrus babe?:("
eng	negative	"Something sad/bad always happens to me around this time and day every year :("
eng	negative	"@LaveeKaif urgh i know :("
eng	negative	"Wet holiday Friday :( Console yourself in our cafe with Sophie Grigson's amazing carrot cake! http://t.co/WfzvRXz1Id"
eng	negative	"Sometimes I hate it when my heart wants something ♥ &gt;:-("
eng	negative	"It's getting light outside and I'm up :( I probably have like 3 hours of sleep D: I don't feel well rn and I have painful sunburn. UGHH"
eng	negative	"I wonder if when I dropped my phone last time it damaged my WiFi cause I can't enable anymore and I have the otter protection case too :("
eng	negative	"Argh I feel sick wish I didn't come to work :("
eng	negative	"@boyhuptuquruq FOLLOWED ME THANKS, AND @justinbieber PLEASE FOLLOWED ME TOO :("
eng	negative	"@LeagueOfKnockup Dang it! :( Pon thought the time had finally come! OTL"
eng	negative	"Sleepovers with Jesse are awesome until he has to go to work at 5:30 in the morning :( bebe come back"
eng	negative	"@woonderfulhee i can't post any message again :("
eng	negative	"@COOLDEMIGODS omg same :( FABINA was BAE. It was my OTP before IK what OTP meant😂😂"
eng	negative	"I love blue eyes :("
eng	negative	"@JenniferOldham4 send as some sunshine!!!! Is raining so much :((((("
eng	negative	"Gardening is not part of a barrista's job description. Poor plant :( http://t.co/nQgQonm1TN"
eng	negative	"Has a poorly pup :("
eng	negative	"Great marketing campaign from @UberUK - shame all the drivers are busy :( #UberIceCream  https://t.co/C0zXMuWeM1"
eng	negative	"@henryholland have a good trip. You won't need your brolly there... :-("
eng	negative	"Is this love? :("
eng	negative	"@24freebird sorry bt mere pass link nhi hai :( @SamanthaNair23"
eng	negative	"@corey_buckner i got hacked. I'm sorry! :("
eng	negative	"Well apparently, its post graduate students only, so i still dey go serve :("
eng	negative	"Gonna miss BTOB. :("
eng	negative	"other side of the world from all my people :( @caarolinenicole @QShawtymane @lazyolchristian @Noah55555 @Molainaa http://t.co/ACHMSo1gFC"
eng	negative	"Di private. Gagal kepo :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	negative	"Bitin :( @JatheaRebels"
eng	negative	"i want pretzels now :( #bb17 #bblf"
eng	negative	"I love you so much :("
eng	negative	"@minewsexual oh :( lol how it is? XD"
eng	negative	"@fckinica yes my dear! I will surely fuckin' miss ya :("
eng	negative	"PERF :( https://t.co/YjTjb45TaB"
eng	negative	"@kristynlopez97 you didn't get your vanilla latte though :("
eng	negative	"@Skulker_PoA @ASUS_ROG Hi Skulker, check this thread: https://t.co/vMlI793G25 PG279Q isn’t coming anything soon sadly :("
eng	negative	"@MaKupsy there once was a place ..then it closed :("
eng	negative	"oh my gosh traffic :(( I'm hungrrrryyy!!"
eng	negative	"Someone sc me :("
eng	negative	"@KhaleesiMiley I want :("
eng	negative	"@ainexkelly but I have no find my iPhone app or iCloud app on my iPod touch so how can I see its location :-("
eng	negative	"I can't go to hallyu on sunday :((((( so sad"
eng	negative	"@Rossi_mac9306 @MeekMillsBeLike @BestBedrooms I miss that show :("
eng	negative	"buuuut i want it :(((( http://t.co/rInVNwnDyZ"
eng	negative	"@RedLipsteeq funny thing is someone said I was telling his life story :("
eng	negative	"Naw I'm really scared he gone think I'm crazy. I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight :("
eng	negative	"So no free #Über ice cream for The Big Gay Al today. I didn't really want any anyway :( @ The Big Gay… https://t.co/1CThOoG9a1"
eng	negative	"@Nayritje okie :("
eng	negative	"Friday!!!! But I have work til 8pm :( there is champagne haha"
eng	negative	"harlo i miss my boyfriend so much :-((("
eng	negative	"#torrentialrain today :-("
eng	negative	"@WforWoman A9) It would be a sad world for women ! :( #WSaleLove"
eng	negative	"Lloyds r assholes there was clearly no one doing anything n now I have to wait till Tuesday :("
eng	negative	"Aww man, I miss dancing. :("
eng	negative	"@IanHallard Wonderful news! Best of luck with it x. Shame I'll again have to miss it :(."
eng	negative	"@selenagomez baby u tweet some fan during i sleeping i'm so sad :(("
eng	negative	"@maggiemontalvan I knowwww my runny nose isn't letting me sleep :("
eng	negative	"sehun seems so skinny these days :((("
eng	negative	"Big mistake not to bring a sweater this morning :("
eng	negative	"@danagold721 @PalladiumGravur @clementine_ford Yes youre right..and its sad that so many intolerant scared xenophobes are out there :-("
eng	negative	"@aaliyuhx what? :("
eng	negative	"everyone makes mistakes ok :((("
eng	negative	"@thefinerthongs me too wtfff :(( i miss manchester and the mean bus driver"
eng	negative	"So lonely that sometimes i call my own number to get a busy tone. ;_; :("
eng	negative	"Why have a no been paid ?? :(((("
eng	negative	"@ODIHQ oh no !! It wasnt a lunch talk? I thought it started at 1pm :("
eng	negative	"@AfraidN0T then it might be hard to get into Final Fantasy then cause the newer ones are pish in comparison :( get the remastered 10 for ps4"
eng	negative	"i keep changing between fe14 icons i dont know which one to pick &gt;:("
eng	negative	". @Ben_Barker1989 yeah doesn’t appear to be working. But I want a free cornetto :( (not a strawberry one, they’re a fake cornetto)"
eng	negative	""What happened?" "We just stopped talking" :("
eng	negative	"@amyponce0830 I did :-("
eng	negative	"please bring me back :( http://t.co/BLZEq3EqBe"
eng	negative	"@tonyimberi Sorry :-(.  Hope it gets better"
eng	negative	"Things that I regret until now...when we loose you.. :'( :( and missing you everyday our my lives!! #KapatidKongPogi http://t.co/CyZFCZFkjY"
eng	negative	"i've been friends with steph and mel for the longest time im actually so sad i havent met them yet :(( i just want to hug them"
eng	negative	"Where is carmen :(((((((((("
eng	negative	"truck was a week ago :(("
eng	negative	"@topcoder Unable to login for the last 4 hours, no response from support team either Support Case 00128835, having a bad day! :("
eng	negative	"I want Wingstop :-(("
eng	negative	"@djdayz  @ohmydayz @dayamickeysingh @dayaftpardeep @dayaxo   LOOOL :( help"
eng	negative	"I want to go on holiday damn it. Why must these days drag!? &gt;:("
eng	negative	"i've been streaming for hours, but the view didn't even budge, i'm stress! :("
eng	negative	"i never knew my cousin and i share the same love for 1d :(((((("
eng	negative	"Fuq ilhoon always ganteng :("
eng	negative	"@nemuuunem they can't open the door so hard, I didn't notice that I already started a song on love live and I failed :-(("
eng	negative	"Wish I was going to Leeds festival. Need to see Simple Plan :( it's been too long!"
eng	negative	"I'm hungry and i cant make food since my brother is sleeping in the living room &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@Uber no ice cream for me :-( #getthescoop http://t.co/NNEeBaoTVY"
eng	negative	"MY kik : hearess677 #kik #kikhorny #hornykik #babe #chat #countrymusic #txt_shot :( http://t.co/mPhBY49eEi"
eng	negative	"why is everybody unfollowing me stop :((("
eng	negative	"@Jennyi_jc why the stream said standby only even Inatall the zenmate? :("
eng	negative	"@Chickowits :( Be careful...namechecking them brings them like a dog whistle with or without the #"
eng	negative	"junmyeon looks so d*ddy here :( LOOK https://t.co/xSRggfOijW"
eng	negative	"@Ketepi_Ketepi sorry busy arini je tak busy :("
eng	negative	"and another hour goes by :(("
eng	negative	"I'm not a very bright man. :("
eng	negative	"@qatarairways# would be fair to say that the privilege club is a joke .  It doesn't matter what you ask for nothing ever available :-("
eng	negative	"I wish I could speak Igbo :("
eng	negative	"#BlameHoney for @ShaunySoda leaving the WHHR :("
eng	negative	"@edgar_trilla @wtfitsalex_ @_SamHernandez_1 @calvinrosorio I was just replying to Juan :("
eng	negative	"My cat loves to snuggle up right by my face &amp; I love it but can never breathe :("
eng	negative	"@rachaelhussey same :( working late tonight as well :( x"
eng	negative	"@itsdemigdr ma come :-("
eng	negative	"Trying to stay up to watch this game is not working for me :("
eng	negative	"3 weeks left for internship and 4 weeks left before going back to the States :("
eng	negative	"Baby :( http://t.co/UR8ZwngzJZ"
eng	negative	"Normally don't get @VodafoneIrl  data usage warning til end month, but got it today - so no more tweeting @GalwayIntArts or @galwayraces :-("
eng	negative	"@ThatPrakash11 i tried. Didn't work :("
eng	negative	"I had a dream i went to college and failed as an animator :( :( :(:'("
eng	negative	"@MsCarlyDowd we're not sure :( might have to wait :( but he wants to move asap!"
eng	negative	"I wish I could drive. I'm good at it. Stupid vertigo and panic attacks makes dual carriageway driving impossible tho :("
eng	negative	"miss her so much :( #AraGalang08 http://t.co/kT11UKaf3S"
eng	negative	"@iamktlpz the movie was different from the book but still!!! ikr tams boses pa lang ni theo ugh :( miss you more!!!"
eng	negative	"My mobile isn't working anymoreeeeee :(((("
eng	negative	"@seiyaharris oh no :-( that's rubbish."
eng	negative	"I still want a cactus :( https://t.co/TD8A5vEc9p"
eng	negative	"@solodmssunshine OMG IM SOOO SORRRY :(("
eng	negative	"@CancerReliefUK I've had stomach and part of bowel removed because this nasty disease I have now been told I have tumour in kidneys   :("
eng	negative	"Waited for nothing :-((((((((((("
eng	negative	"wifi is fast af at my school even faster than at home :(("
eng	negative	"@lostboxuk Very sad! :("
eng	negative	"not feeling well :("
eng	negative	"I have puffy eyelids :("
eng	negative	"@itsAmarantha I can't wait &lt;3 :("
eng	negative	"musicas :((((((((((("
eng	negative	"baby looks so good in black :(( http://t.co/abIlgtTG5Z"
eng	negative	"I want to get into Dota but fuck me it's just not for me :("
eng	negative	"@WOMADCHARLTONPK  @MollysBarWOMAD 4am right near the campsites no less - not great with kids :((   Why is it not on the total other side?"
eng	negative	"sooooo tired but I can't sleep :((("
eng	negative	"@Y0rgi Wish I could give some to you. I really do. But I cant :("
eng	negative	"@miahyooow Sorry miah hahays. :("
eng	negative	"I want a churro popcorn and ice cream now :( I'm so hungry"
eng	negative	"didn't bring key :("
eng	negative	"@Victoria199412 FOLLOW BACK ME, THANKS  @justinbieber PLEASE :("
eng	negative	"@seiyaharris that sucks :("
eng	negative	"I just can't sleep tonight :( Tomorrow is going to suck. Bright side... 6 more days and I'm back in Montana!"
eng	negative	"@jasmine_chantay :(( okay!!x"
eng	negative	"@MbalulaFikile @UKenyatta Reign of errors example inflation rate sic :("
eng	negative	"@Uber - all ice cream vehicles are busy :-( #UberIceCream"
eng	negative	"I need to reset my phone :("
eng	negative	"@goodissachuntin Smh I know :("
eng	negative	"Add my SNAPCHAT : EntlerBountly #snapchat #snapchat #tinder #dirtykik #followback #countrymusic #sexcam :( http://t.co/cbOf45m7VH"
eng	negative	"@scubadiver5 @Catharine34 I'm keeping the bug spray industry in business . Something bit my foot, swollen half way up my leg now :("
eng	negative	"I didn't see you today :( but it's fine. The distance makes me want you more."
eng	negative	"@brittannie_13 that's not fair, it happened to me :("
eng	negative	"@jojosmith1964 Oh no :( sorry to hear you're having issues with your signal Jojo. If you pop over the full postcode where this is happening,"
eng	negative	"Someone please gift me #NotAnApology :("
eng	negative	"@nim_nams Hey hun! Unfortunately we would really have needed a model for a cut :( Thanks so much though! &lt;3 xxx"
eng	negative	"Kafi din Bad mene aj koi post share ki he so friends like &amp; rewert to bunta he Warnaaaaaaa...........:("
eng	negative	"this is torture :("
eng	negative	"@xaimrose I tried to get in a field of goats jumped a wall and the drop was very low :("
eng	negative	"#Iran #IranDeal :-( The US-Iran nuclear deal: MIT's experts size it up: This deal severely li... http://t.co/GbL15aoCW4 #UniteBlue #Tcot"
eng	negative	"@RMBLees @dicehateme can't get them anywhere now. :-("
eng	negative	"Sorry God. :("
eng	negative	"S2E12 is probably that saddest ive ever felt for rumpy :-("
eng	negative	"WHY DADDY WHY YOU CHANGE THE CHANNEL :("
eng	negative	"I literally just ate a whole gallon of ice cream, idk if I should be proud or nah :(! - Ryan"
eng	negative	"Ah ma guy. You know the thing. "@ceafive: the weather is set for more sleep but responsibilities. :-(""
eng	negative	"@gandangclare secret! :("
eng	negative	"@StuffAnuuriSays you're coming to Dallas dandia right :("
eng	negative	"As RBI in making of caged parrot.  1ly election commission, CAG r left, once d power is striped gujarat model will complete  Very sad :("
eng	negative	"@LivingLifeNottm @honestmumma @moderndadpages I'm not looking forward to ours, mine goes next year at 3 :("
eng	negative	"@MelanieLBBH I HAVE THE SAME KIND OF EYES SO ARE MY TEARS YOUR SAME TEARS? BUT IT'S HARD NOT TO CARE :( ILY.MELANIE"
eng	negative	"@April_Todd aww :( what do you do?"
eng	negative	"LOL really?"@PraiseKINGDAVID: @_Milli__ unlike me :(""
eng	negative	"Pure talent!! :( "@OscarMbo: Always will be a fan of DeepXcape. Brothers are so talented!!! ����""
eng	negative	"@bdunkelman doin ok? :("
eng	negative	"I want to go but I cannot. :("
eng	negative	"i cant go to sleep :-("
eng	negative	"it's 5:08 am :-(("
eng	negative	"@seunjinbing @NGVMelbourne I can’t, thesis :("
eng	negative	"Miss u :-( @deepikapadukone"
eng	negative	"@kiwivickiBSc @BrezzyHayter sadly must be :("
eng	negative	"@VeilBride6 agreed :( ❤❤❤"
eng	negative	"like a boy when it's up like that' and he laughed and then we hugged and I said bye and :(((((( I love him"
eng	negative	"please beliebers stop voting on twitter! it doesn't count :( u have to vote here http://t.co/PkD4q2PVxV n refresh it http://t.co/Lh5sNTHmIV"
eng	negative	"Come on #UberIceCream... where are all the cars :( #London #summer https://t.co/7Tvx7SZeQ6"
eng	negative	"SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :( http://t.co/dEGAKDzsjN"
eng	negative	"we'll never be as young as we are now... AS YOUNG AS WE ARE NOW :((((("
eng	negative	"@b_lurryface i wish it was london :( gonna stay at the airport for a bit and then go into the city"
eng	negative	"Gtg again :((("
eng	negative	"@CrazyGreen16 HAHAHA apink this song wont win la i think...... :( Unless they promote longer compete w those not vv good to ppl one."
eng	negative	"@katenash disgusting isn't it :(! I wish people had more respect for each other"
eng	negative	"Ps in NYS opt-outed due to CC$$, VAM, and unfair testing of SpecEd and ELLs. Article completely misses this. :( https://t.co/EeA1drtlne"
eng	negative	"@TheChelseaTalk gutted you're one of the few people I won't be able to finally meet :("
eng	negative	"Add me on Snapchat - sexyamelie20 #snapchat #kikhorny #likeforfollow #kikmeboys #likeforfollow #newmusic #hornykik :( http://t.co/3BRNMai3CU"
eng	negative	"@Hooked_Duck that sounds cool!! Bet it doesn't float though :("
eng	negative	"@Morrisons  but it's so gross :("
eng	negative	"turtle net !!!! :-((("
eng	negative	"fineandyu takes such gd pics its like she's trying to hurt me :-("
eng	negative	"@JodanasandyXx  No...not in your face enough for that...just couldn't face him in the flesh. Know its daft..but couldn't cope with it! :-("
eng	negative	"she's so cute :( http://t.co/BtE6DMoxYT"
eng	negative	"@vanillawley i want one too bit noone knows me on twitter so :((("
eng	negative	"I had three dreams last night and the one I don't want to remember I do and the two I want to remember I don't :("
eng	negative	"wednesday needs to hurry :-("
eng	negative	"SNAPCHAT : TammiRossM #snapchat #kikgirl #kikchat #wet #wife #indiemusic #sexy :( http://t.co/hQjLIUjbRt"
eng	negative	"@ShanduLinda My last though :("
eng	negative	"@solodmssunshine thats me omg imsorry :("
eng	negative	"aku chelsea koe eMyU, can you see that i miss you :("
eng	negative	"i pOPPED CONFETTI THOUGH ! ! : ( https://t.co/Y79gPDxTIE"
eng	negative	"@ Sams sister and her bf :-("
eng	negative	"@ArcticMonkeys please release a new album :("
eng	negative	"@seunrgriseyo good dong by?:( sini dipoppo😘😘😘😘"
eng	negative	"@calv_18 came up on my time hop :( #bestweekend"
eng	negative	"@MrCrump3ts I'm not certain unfortunately :( I'm okay-ish with HTML, but I'd quite like a better language to work with. I have a C++ course"
eng	negative	"@ITS_ImJinAh91 taken :("
eng	negative	"I didn't made it again. :("
eng	negative	"I miss Geneva so much! England aint got half the sun :("
eng	negative	"@_GetUpAndTry same :("
eng	negative	"@horanshan I barely use twitter :( how are you?"
eng	negative	"@EliiizeSoriano miss u :("
eng	negative	"KIK me guys : patml482 #kik #kikmenow #kikmeboys #likeforlike #orgasm #nakamaforever #sexygirlbypreciouslemmy :( http://t.co/dl1AgJykBH"
eng	negative	":( I went to bed way too late"
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK : abouty797 #kik #kiksex #interracial #tagsforlikes #kikme #travel #kikmenow :( http://t.co/fZ4Zc928qA"
eng	negative	"@Aussie_Legend I wish :("
eng	negative	"More money more money :-("
eng	negative	"@lucymatthewsss same deal here. the man at the airport laughed at me when he asked me age and asked 'reaally?' :("
eng	negative	"TIRED :("
eng	negative	"@_Milli__ unlike me :("
eng	negative	"Spent the whole day watching videos of #AlDub over and over again. Ang cute nila! :( I ship. @aldenrichards02  @mainedcm"
eng	negative	"@OVOEnergy What is the point of a smart meter if it displays the wrong information? Latest email sent 2nd July has just gone unanswered :("
eng	negative	"i really can't fall back asleep :("
eng	negative	":(((((((((( so sad"
eng	negative	"Bri is falling asleep :("
eng	negative	"@kjmci it’s raining and cold :("
eng	negative	"I'm tryna save my money but magcon merch keeps making new shit :(((((("
eng	negative	"@kalourd you right...the sinuend is kak. Not working :("
eng	negative	"@FC96HY laper :("
eng	negative	"RAGE QUIT!!! :( http://t.co/XifB0wtlAS"
eng	negative	"@Its_Divine_D yeah... :("
eng	negative	"@RabihAntoun :( so sad for us. We're losers"
eng	negative	"@katyperry Mom, what are u doing in the hospital? You're okay? :("
eng	negative	"Its been raining all morning :("
eng	negative	"Weird guess? — Idk. :( http://t.co/GpY6E9jHUI"
eng	negative	"@kourokocchi lmfao i dont know :("
eng	negative	"brendon urie's suit game :(( http://t.co/e1X0yoh784"
eng	negative	"@bangtanthough but i'm waiting for sumer repackage :'D so i have no money to buy this :("
eng	negative	"@smiffy sorry Matthew :(  &lt;3"
eng	negative	"I want Yongbe green suede supreme hat :("
eng	negative	"Used to be so skinny :( http://t.co/PQyN3HNJ33"
eng	negative	"Hey @CBuchanan68, can I maybe get a picture with you after the warm-up? You were gone at the signing session when we arrived :("
eng	negative	"@heyitsCysee hay baby im up and i miss you to baby :("
eng	negative	"@MegBowes_ @KardashianReact :( maybe ill surprise you and be brill"
eng	negative	"@TheLinderman_ you're probably right... :("
eng	negative	"thats 120 wings :(  https://t.co/qPipSKciMF"
eng	negative	"It's because too broke for the bomb weave I want. :("
eng	negative	"spending my friday night without @DrRaamVII :("
eng	negative	"@WforWoman #WSaleLove  ans 9: Depressing it would be :("
eng	negative	"I wish Alex was here so he could rub my belly till I fell asleep :("
eng	negative	"@bruceyoucxnt :( sorry for your loss may Allah give her jannatul ferdous"
eng	negative	"Head is killing me today :("
eng	negative	":( Ami Ekta Kharap Manush..!! :( — thinking about old memories at Crazy Mart http://t.co/wsbhHUK9bQ"
eng	negative	"@rvirenee_ gua cans dong :("
eng	negative	"My phones broke and im missing out on Khloe's ass on Kylies snapchat and it's making me sad :("
eng	negative	"@iFazy nhe Yar :("
eng	negative	"I won't let that happen in real life. :("
eng	negative	"I just woke up and missed everything :-(("
eng	negative	"sorry minkyuk I'm a slow af : ("
eng	negative	"@hawkins_g omg you're so mean, he's fine :("
eng	negative	"I forget every year why the summer hols are so hard.... I spend days &amp; days never really having conversations with grown ups :( #isolated"
eng	negative	"I don't like this at all :("
eng	negative	"@minutely what happen to the HK weather sensor ? It has been broker for weeks :("
eng	negative	"This rain needs to go away :("
eng	negative	":( I wna go to church"
eng	negative	"I just wanna see her face again, I miss her so much :( in 2 years hopefully http://t.co/uCSqlApqoX"
eng	negative	"Hello my name is FlaviAna. :("
eng	negative	"chickmt123: #letsFootball #atk greymind43: BREAKING NEWS: Chris Gayle says he will be out of cricket for 2-3 months due to back surgery. :(…"
eng	negative	"sudden mood-dump :("
eng	negative	"I wanted to watch the livestream on my ipod but it wouldn't load so on computer now :("
eng	negative	"@Jaysdaughter13 come over again :("
eng	negative	"soo I have gotten my phone taken away and I'm currently sneaking on my mums phone, so I'm gonna be inactive for about a week :("
eng	negative	"I MISS TOM FELTON  :( @TomFelton"
eng	negative	":( Unfortunately due to illness Verity Standen's performances have been cancelled. We will be in touch with those who have booked shortly."
eng	negative	"new favorite editing app. jk someone pls translate this :( http://t.co/n3aIIfaBAP"
eng	negative	"@Jam_sponge But I can't see the difference between black and red ink... :("
eng	negative	"i see ur bio @xannindy 😆😆 u don't break my heart actually :("
eng	negative	"I want takoyaki :(( My #TeenChoice for #ChoiceInternationalArtist is #SuperJunior!"
eng	negative	"i pity aisyah very much :((((("
eng	negative	"wait where the fuck is my ffvi &gt;:( ugh"
eng	negative	"Updated my latest episode on Youtube due to my 1st song choice :( There should be no problems viewing from ur phone /youtu.be/2_gPcTSojKw"
eng	negative	"@AisyahZen I ALSO WANT :( Craving fr donutsss"
eng	negative	"@Morrisons one of the little 50p cheese pizzas! I grated some more cheese on top so all is well but that one was looking a little sparse :("
eng	negative	"@beamiller I can't listen to your new album on youtube because it's blocked in my country :("
eng	negative	"I'm coughing. :("
eng	negative	"@jsjnete dd leave lagi?:("
eng	negative	"@Randeep_HoodaFC Yes..Cant see rider.:( @RandeepHooda"
eng	negative	"I always miss something when I have no wifi :("
eng	negative	"This rain :("
eng	negative	"I'm working next Saturday and im well gutted because I wanted to go to pride :(:("
eng	negative	"@pcy_rock nope!! :( hueeeee"
eng	negative	"@charliebudd @painterspitstop @HarriDec @1paintology6 @KingsDecor @FreshDecorators Wrong password/recall thingy not working is the prob :-("
eng	negative	"@scottydoddy Hi George, I can't see that we sell this I'm afraid :( Sorry about that! Thanks, Beth"
eng	negative	"I was chewing my toy and Stella came over and went for me. lots of noise and teeth and mum yelled at her and threw her out of room :("
eng	negative	"Woke up from a bad dream. Grabe. :("
eng	negative	"Rejected! :(( #TheAccidentalCouple ep. 15"
eng	negative	":(((( always.  https://t.co/d9v4pfdWHH"
eng	negative	"Not a smooth handover :("
eng	negative	"@mycoleenromance srsly i order it all the time :-("
eng	negative	"@beckparsons1 no im on a 24 hour sleep on sunday :( xx"
eng	negative	"@alisakmr same :-("
eng	negative	"@GearIV @Kodas_X hello i am spick and I find this offense :((((((("
eng	negative	"@eksobyvnb I know bebii I know :("
eng	negative	"@lizardbeth_16 Oh my, what's happenend? We don't want to lose you. :-( *DR"
eng	negative	"@bcwgaming ffs didn't even know :( What time?"
eng	negative	"@boyfminseok i like lip balms but i don't like to be compared to those! hmph :-("
eng	negative	"More sick Mumma, sick Bubba cuddles :(  Cuddling on the floor to the footy and she falls asleep.… https://t.co/to6pXX7iuU"
eng	negative	"@GeorgieEllerton @laurentierneyy_ Aw Georgie I bet :( you'll be back soon!! This last month will fly by"
eng	negative	"@azzzzyb LOOOL OI :( Bengalis in general are insecure it'll work do it"
eng	negative	"Some girls will say "that means you wanted my man while I was with him" but you didn't even know her or him back then :("
eng	negative	"@AprilXyloto any masterchef updates?? i left my phone at my cousins :( how was uni? whatchya doin? huh? huh? huh? &lt;3 http://t.co/Y3tqhGfbsk"
eng	negative	"@BillieJoeSpouse everything okay? :( x"
eng	negative	"@WforWoman  #WSaleLove Ocean without water, Vehicles without petrol n diesel , n me with my empty wardrobe :("
eng	negative	"Its 5am &amp; I haven't slept :("
eng	negative	"I miss Vegas :-("
eng	negative	"@supgonzo :((((( it could snap my head off"
eng	negative	"@exhaustcd awe too bad :(("
eng	negative	"@brenttiscool capcom cock teasing us. I need this beta :("
eng	negative	"Sometimes just sometimes I drown half a bottle of Nyquil down my throat just for it to have no effect on me :("
eng	negative	"Poooootek I really need 1,500 :( hahaha"
eng	negative	"OH MY GOD WHY DO I KNOW THIS JUST NOW :((((((("
eng	negative	"@beelovley19 wow hate u :( imy"
eng	negative	"@bobble bobble is leaking &amp; it was a gift I have no idea where to return it, its the thermos model :-("
eng	negative	"Don't know about others but i am gonna miss classic duo of @DotACapitalist  and @TobiWanDOTA  during TI5 casting streams :("
eng	negative	"@niclasbenjamin don't ignore me please :( it was my birthday on the 12th of July, could you follow me now as a present? 😊😊😊❤️"
eng	negative	"wanna skate but it's raining :("
eng	negative	"@JacinthTran twitter said :((( but u followed me 💕💕💕💕"
eng	negative	"Omg no it's really detailed I gotta get to the Tae one :((("
eng	negative	"@camnstyles it is so confusing tho :("
eng	negative	"@nirbananalrh @tanginarrymo i hope so miss na kita crys why so ia :("
eng	negative	"#PKwalaSawaal  when will India  become a developed nation :( ? @SonyMAX"
eng	negative	"@WesternDigital I have an external hard drive from you that has become corrupted and I can't access anything.Surely I can get info off? :("
eng	negative	"Last 4 day week before October 2nd. :("
eng	negative	"@AhamSharmaFC ohh so sad :( @StarPlus @FCManmarzian @ManmarzianFC"
eng	negative	"@Taeyeonniex3 so they didn't win on their 2nd stage of mubank? :("
eng	negative	"Waking up........... :("
eng	negative	"@bumkeyyfel they're not. : ( except for those two who kill people ene"
eng	negative	"@koreanplease but i want them to win today :("
eng	negative	"@Puddycats19 shame it's like £3k :("
eng	negative	"Zehr khany ka time is coming soon.....: ("
eng	negative	"@JKCorden @justinbieber hey i miss him too :("
eng	negative	"@bbgurrll i wish :("
eng	negative	"@CallmeLexine Same Mommy :("
eng	negative	"I missed half of Music Bank bc grocery shopping :( but the good thing is: I finally have hubba bubba bubble gum again &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@kylaholiver yeahh!! They're actually on the floor in my closet, but I'm pretty sure they're high waters now :((( I was so ugly back then"
eng	negative	"@ColorsTV  this time jhalak is very boring. .. The concept is bakwas. .. old concept was much better and interesting. ... :-(:-(:-("
eng	negative	"@paynepowerr WITHOUT ME :("
eng	negative	"i miss seehiah :(( omggg http://t.co/7lia2pmQew"
eng	negative	"@autuumnnn_ @Rissa_123456789 I need mine done goys :("
eng	negative	"@lynshields lol. Well I can't buy those nachos then :("
eng	negative	"The most embarrassing moment when you shared your secrets with a wrong one :("
eng	negative	"Mm what a lovely day... :("
eng	negative	"Sorry for the stream ending im just tired and I some how ended the game which if you didnt know on PlayStation ends the broadcast :("
eng	negative	"Still going to braid this hair again, after all the damage that the initial braids did. :( Ruth :("
eng	negative	"@kehyangki boong/?:(("
eng	negative	"rejected :-("
eng	negative	"Im almost at the end of my Far Cry 4 journey :( any similar game recommendations? If you say COD or GTA I will cut you and your bitch"
eng	negative	":((((((( this is so sad i cwnt help it  https://t.co/glBmiAAJ79"
eng	negative	"I have no more lives in Trivia Crack :("
eng	negative	"Weather is awful today which means being stuck in :("
eng	negative	"@rosieofthejones belated birthday wishes to you (can't believe I missed it - mind, I miss all bdays, inc my own!!!). Bad about phone :-("
eng	negative	"DON'T. PLAY. WITH. MY. FEELINGS :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"i miss them already :("
eng	negative	"i miss 5sos so much i cant deal with waiting possibly a year before i see them again :("
eng	negative	"#Rohingya #Muslims 72 indicted on human trafficking charges in Thailand - Asia - Around t... http://t.co/VWSLChONfd #SaveTheRohingya :-("
eng	negative	"@MissHayley1988 @djdarrenjones :( *hugs*"
eng	negative	"@__sabaa I'll say rumble in da kumble BC that's all I know :((("
eng	negative	"my mum decides to walk in and scold me for not cleaning my room just as i sat down and chilled :("
eng	negative	"@Merry_Ferry and it was phrased in such a "why would you do this to her" kind of way too :("
eng	negative	"@Valerie_VW But when i do gigs that include them..i have to tag them :("
eng	negative	"@ViThePony Make it hurry.... I am melting just taking a quick store run :("
eng	negative	"@Shewho13 TFW no boyfriend :( (lol I jest) cooking relaxes me. I'm sure I'll eat it for lunch tomorrow."
eng	negative	"Grumpy me all day today as on night shift tonight :("
eng	negative	"I offended myself :((("
eng	negative	"I have #SleepingWithSirens tickets Oct 17th in Ok #BRINGMETHEHORIZON  new tour and is playing Dallas the 18th I've seen them 2 times but :("
eng	negative	"@envybae probably :(("
eng	negative	"@Hatecrew_dzul Right right?? :( We will always have good memories I guess. 😔"
eng	negative	"Carva :("
eng	negative	"#louisiana cinema shooting: Why do mass shootings happen so regularly in US? Sympathis to victims' families :("
eng	negative	"Finally got down to finishing the long story... But as expected of me, I failed to work at the revamps in the end... :("
eng	negative	"My SNAPCHAT - AbbyMill18 #snapchat #snapchatme #wet #sex #sexy #indiemusic #hotels :( http://t.co/5OLTvTAO95"
eng	negative	"allow all these mosquito bites :("
eng	negative	"Why can't I be better already :((("
eng	negative	"Forgot my headphones. Shit up a cunt :( Now I have to listen to everyone in this room breathing."
eng	negative	"@ddddray yeah!!! :( It's okay, I'll see you again this time next year"
eng	negative	"“@RookieKE: @KuisanMacharia I was listening on radio :-(” no worries wacha niende online."
eng	negative	"I seem to have burned everything apart from the tea this morning. Bravo Friday to you too, Richard. :-("
eng	negative	"Dear @Dominos_UK last night we waited 2hrs 13m for a pizza. By the time it arrived it was cold &amp; too late to eat. Very disappointed  :("
eng	negative	"@DC_krystal94 really? Not on the 18th?? Kk i'm still not ready for school! :("
eng	negative	"Why do i miss this :-( http://t.co/FZvRFAi1YN"
eng	negative	"@LingJing_ me too :("
eng	negative	"CAN SOMEONE PLEASE GIFT ME #CalibraksaEP BECAUSE I DONT HAVE ANY MONEY LEFT :( http://t.co/hOtALEUdIS"
eng	negative	"@justinbit sorry darlin, i'm sorry :("
eng	negative	"@cynthiariojas_ :( I did that once and I got grounded BC they think if I do that I sneak people in"
eng	negative	"everyone is so stunning......... :-( https://t.co/4kCqdyn0xR"
eng	negative	"@Coicele Oh, that doedn't sound good at all. :-("
eng	negative	"i have a feeling that infinite won't win today :("
eng	negative	"@FBGeorgiew I don't get paid! :( But I'm open for any kind of offers!"
eng	negative	"All guys want from me is dick pics and all I want is to have a meaningful conversation about things we have in common :((("
eng	negative	"I just wanna go to your house rn and give you a big big hug. :((("
eng	negative	"Oh how horrific :( https://t.co/IObpbythB8"
eng	negative	"@KookieAnda me too :("
eng	negative	"@XIA0HUN scoups :-(((( bakit scoups :----(((((("
eng	negative	"I thought I was mad at my bank and PayPal yesterday, but they both royally fucked up and now I'm screwed. :("
eng	negative	"@itsNotMirna I know right D: It's hard to believe :("
eng	negative	"@AnnieIsDoomed its not my fault sweedy :("
eng	negative	"so fucking tired and i have to drive home :("
eng	negative	"I just want to get paid already :("
eng	negative	"@Tebello__ I don't know what happened :("
eng	negative	"Nams is just enjoying man :("
eng	negative	"@maui26_maui :(( ill just make another one"
eng	negative	"Miss my boyfriend :("
eng	negative	"@minionicole_ sorry pooo :("
eng	negative	"Nobodies up with me now, I'm sad :("
eng	negative	"@Kaelaris @FollowDeman I want to go too but I'm sure I'm already stuck somewhere :("
eng	negative	"@hellasugg @MyNamesChai and sacconejoly's (@JonathanJoly and @AnnaSaccone) went... But I think that's about it :( xx"
eng	negative	":( this makes me sad.  https://t.co/CWJsdT26uS"
eng	negative	"THIS IS UNFAIR WHY I DIDNT GET A FOLLOW WHEN OTHERS Get AND I SPAM :-("
eng	negative	"I hate how I I get no texts to look at after my shift because everyone's just waking up :-("
eng	negative	"@Hardlydan @Amras89 me to god damn you bethesda!!! Im gonna have no money after fallout 4 :("
eng	negative	"@Pahimar @Direwolf20 @Slowpoke101 Now i know how Dire and Slow look likee IRL because i could not go to minecon :("
eng	negative	"something great is playing. PERFECT !!!!! :("
eng	negative	"@vengefulmgc i miss youuuu kateee :( iloveyouu be strong 😘"
eng	negative	"It's not you :( @jackgilinsky #CalibraksaEP http://t.co/kQWxO527tb"
eng	negative	"@__riixc i miss you too :("
eng	negative	"@dashlane 2015, and still no linux support? :-("
eng	negative	"Just read the #SandraBland story. Thats so scary, hope the truth will be revealed :("
eng	negative	"@styles_meital aw :( can you make it on monday?"
eng	negative	"@iviecrystal nawwwe hang in there love :( yes yes chikka ug kita rata soonest! :* mwamwa"
eng	negative	"@ChloeSalins I can't get it to fit :("
eng	negative	"@Daniel_Juarez5 faggot* :( poor english teacher"
eng	negative	"@KuisanMacharia I was listening on radio :-("
eng	negative	"@woIfgaang yep :( exactly."
eng	negative	"id do anything to go thorpe park tomorrow !!! :("
eng	negative	"i wanna go to vidcon :("
eng	negative	"@emshelx such an eye opener, I didn't realise things like this happened! So scary and bad someone would do that :("
eng	negative	"@Michael5SOS @_8bitsenpai_  can someone send me a screenshot of this conversation i want to see what it was but my phone is being stupid :-("
eng	negative	"I doubt i'm going to bed soon though. :( I wake up at like 9."
eng	negative	"@HomeXpertsLeyla fyi the url on your profile doesn't work :("
eng	negative	"@NgSyafiq but he's sleeping and he's so cute :-("
eng	negative	"When you saw the nicest mehendi design in someone's picture on your dash but now you can't find it to bookmark it &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@TroyeSivanPH @ohhhfrances omg whay ur doing dis to me :("
eng	negative	"I'm telling you :( I will in shaa Allah "@waxxa_official: @Fatumoriginal na by force? Change phone mana 😒""
eng	negative	"@rikkixreid @rriiccaahh @Maeee_123 sorry na :((( next time pramis 😚"
eng	negative	"if school ended earlier I could be at ngee ann now for the acoustic gig :("
eng	negative	"Makes me sad he has to go back :(((("
eng	negative	"I Want jack in the box :((("
eng	negative	"@samatlounge Crikey, bit of an own goal there. Sounds like someone turned up for work with a snit on. :( https://t.co/kA6V6VIANv"
eng	negative	"Blocking people makes you lose followers :( :("
eng	negative	"it was a very tiring week :( #NathanielHinanakit"
eng	negative	"@darrenwho_ why is naya there whats happening. my link keeps doing the spinny loading wheel but never playing anything :("
eng	negative	"@ZackTheHeroXXX :(  I was just online a few days ago! I have like 50 notifs again :( in 2 days dammit stop guys lol jk &lt;3 u"
eng	negative	".... My gosh ... I'm really bad at physics :("
eng	negative	"@WillHillBet thank you for taking the time to reply, albeit with a disappointing answer - the most famous athlete racing and no odds :("
eng	negative	"Short weekend ahead :("
eng	negative	"I'm craving breakfast food so badly right now :((("
eng	negative	"he looks so good in stripes im :(((( http://t.co/ncKQXJcXGK"
eng	negative	"@azzzzyb :((( I'm helping you :(((((((("
eng	negative	"gfriend looked so cute :((("
eng	negative	"sad but true ano yung tbh? :( -_-"
eng	negative	"@nayeou jahat :("
eng	negative	"Screenshots from http://t.co/U2RdUgq6wH there's a competition open to meet ariana grande some countries excluded :( http://t.co/OdI14ms8NR"
eng	negative	"hopefully I get to see my bff tomorrow  :("
eng	negative	"ITS BEEN SO LONG ED LOVE YOU SEE U SOON :-((( @thepohjien"
eng	negative	"so fugly af in our school id :-((((("
eng	negative	"I don't like seeing @SophiaxNicole sad :( smile more and stay strong alright? 😊💞"
eng	negative	"where are the airport pictures of Jongdae?  I hardly see him in my tlists :(("
eng	negative	"@MonochromeEm thank you lovely, going to write a list of the ones I've been recommended and see what one to choose, my budget isn't big :( x"
eng	negative	""...on set with these two #PabebeGirls!!! @pamupamorada08 @bernardokath" aw pabebe :-("
eng	negative	"@teobesta I altered my Sandra Bland storify btw now! I was quite angry when I wrote it originally - so it wasn't my best :-("
eng	negative	"hungry hungry hungry :( mom's not home oh my god im dying"
eng	negative	"@Abby_Lee_Miller Abby can you please try help me get my mum to come see you with me in London!:("
eng	negative	"My ass hurts :( #MTVHottest Lady Gaga"
eng	negative	"This pain just below my right rib cage, since yesterday :("
eng	negative	"Worst sleep ever :-( 😢😵😭"
eng	negative	"Don't quite know yet what is about to come out on Hulk Hogan today but clearly Hulkamania is officially dead. :("
eng	negative	"when your mom ignores your calls :( #unloved"
eng	negative	"i wanna watch paper tOWNS :-(((("
eng	negative	"@GAYPERlON so lazy :("
eng	negative	"I CANNOT :( https://t.co/zU0KgI8vHi"
eng	negative	"idk where I went wrong I used to be so cute :( kinda"
eng	negative	"i feel so alone here :("
eng	negative	"@carrebarre_ Ihhh stackare :("
eng	negative	"i have the least green fingers ever, I can’t even keep my basil plant alive :("
eng	negative	"@lauren_brownxox we both were haha! My bed now has cake all over it :("
eng	negative	"Fries please? :( @JustMeAla"
eng	negative	"@Samcityyy how sad :-("
eng	negative	"@DrBabarAwan u said th remedy ov pak prob z to raiz th voice n nvr gv up.Wt now?wt hz imran achieved?in short "thr z no soln ov pak prob" :("
eng	negative	"@lydiamoo My sister's wedding is tomorrow but then we're going to Hong Kong &amp; I don't leave until the 31st. Then another horrific flight :("
eng	negative	"So cute :("
eng	negative	"@ellaalee whaaaaaaaaaat :( :( :( when are you leaving??"
eng	negative	"Yahoo Pipes to end Sept 30, my news feed to end with it. http://t.co/pNq95QKn9G - :-("
eng	negative	"@Annie_Airwolf someone put my lawn chair in my tree :("
eng	negative	"I really want to pierce my cupid's bow :("
eng	negative	"literally have torn my room apart looking for my retainers :("
eng	negative	"@EGirl76 @hohkyo oh no :( that’s terrible :((("
eng	negative	"@bumkeyyfel clowns? i'm not scared of clowns tho i think they're stupid bcs they dont know how to put lipstick on : ("
eng	negative	"she likes rose more than me :("
eng	negative	"Haiss.. todayy thoo.. :-("
eng	negative	"@Virgin_TrainsEC unfortunately the only seats left were in coach K so we'll have to party quietly :( ^DH"
eng	negative	"Of course I always miss @selenagomez's Tweeting sprees :("
eng	negative	"I've been going to sleep like at 5am everday :( It would be cool if other people like me would hangout at this time!"
eng	negative	"Steven william umboh :( https://t.co/q4ue6MrFS9"
eng	negative	"“@JaDine_Addicts: Goodafternoon JaDines, THIZ IZ IT EMEGED I KENNAT :((((( -G  #OTWOLGrandTrailer”"
eng	negative	"@savie_sav we will reunite again one day :("
eng	negative	"So cold, abi this our house dey close to Arctic ocean? Man is dying! :("
eng	negative	"My chicsirific heart :("
eng	negative	":((((( i missed it :((((( http://t.co/Izhrf94jnB"
eng	negative	"The struggle in finding the perfect glasses for a small structured face is real :-("
eng	negative	"Mood: cumbia :((((😩"
eng	negative	"@Myloit_ trop :("
eng	negative	"how could i correct a badlife? :( — feeling frustrated"
eng	negative	"@my_nameis_dan Download only isn't it? :("
eng	negative	"@omggminho LOL 4-5 DAYS YES KASLKDJA IT WAS MY FINALS WEEK :-("
eng	negative	"Just 3wks until we do flowers for our 1st wedding! A shame the feverfew will be over :( #weddingflowers #diyflowers http://t.co/oX8G6A4tSj"
eng	negative	"Imysm :("
eng	negative	"@Richieboi50Uk shit sorry :( take lots of things?"
eng	negative	"@Habib_Insyaf @Engineering006 fitnes! :(("
eng	negative	"@cIaricestarling i know right... :( i hope it's worth it bc i really wanna see hugh as wolverine again &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@AnwarLodhi imran khan is innocent :("
eng	negative	"@b3gringo not as of yet mate :("
eng	negative	"“@kuskus1: @pamtravel I bet you are wonder what happened :(” Just trying to calm down before I start again 🙏🏻🎂"
eng	negative	"@tashaxptv bby :( please be okay"
eng	negative	"I wish I went to Vidcon :("
eng	negative	"Long distance :( Why? 💔"
eng	negative	"@BradKavanagh :(( please make one. do you not miss Fabian?"
eng	negative	"@Charlottegshore @PhoebeBooks @headlinepg Where can I buy/order your book #MeMeMe?? I'm from Finland so it isn't here yet.... :(("
eng	negative	"I miss seeing krystoria moments :("
eng	negative	"getting holiday clothes on a day like this. Wanna go now :("
eng	negative	"i miss sophie :("
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris I just want your followback? :( but why you always makes SNOB :( Sakit sa Heart &lt;/3"
eng	negative	"go zumba somewhere else please, me studying :("
eng	negative	"I do not know. I'm sorry !! :( https://t.co/3dQB9Pt3UY"
eng	negative	"#GreekCrisis is that #Greeks leave/work abroad, "We gave the light to the word and we remained in the dark"... :( https://t.co/8To7Kej1ZP"
eng	negative	"why can't i go to sleep at a normal time :("
eng	negative	"i am not that artistic so how the heck can i do my project :("
eng	negative	"I miss my long black hair. :("
eng	negative	"#UberIceCream no ice cream available in #Leeds :("
eng	negative	"@SabyneM I thought we we're supposed to hangout dis week :("
eng	negative	"@akawhatadave I agree Dutch are sound but I'm not sure I'm legible :(. I'm legible for a Israeli passport only by the law of return."
eng	negative	"I want froze chocolate covered bananas :("
eng	negative	"@94tmhhes all these theories of people saying from the start that zayn will come back on 23rd july :((((((( its 24th today and im not ok"
eng	negative	"Stomachache bc of a slice of cake _:(´ཀ`」 ∠):_ …"
eng	negative	"Lions agains Otani, 3-0 down already at 3rd bottom no chance, eh, @schnuckster ? :-("
eng	negative	"@NiaLovelis Niaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa pls follow me, be my 2/4  miss you :( http://t.co/gRQZ1LKTJF"
eng	negative	"@profanityswan I've moved to Australia. It's only a matter of time :("
eng	negative	"Cute :(( 💞 http://t.co/WbxjcwXiqF"
eng	negative	"@Albondiga94 if you have schemes I don't have schemes planned yet :("
eng	negative	"Second that. We were off on Wednesday already :( https://t.co/R1Sbnpovdg"
eng	negative	"Paper towns please :-("
eng	negative	"@AnnoGalactic :( :( I know it's how it goes, but still...."
eng	negative	"dude i'm so fckin okay with you avoiding me all over again :("
eng	negative	"@totgeglaubter @Swisscom_de fuck :(((("
eng	negative	"@vinrana1986 hii vin plss rply my tweet :(("
eng	negative	"@MissFrizzy97 I didn't mean to put a rat lol :("
eng	negative	"I just deleted my entire Bollywood movie collection to make space for my Mac backup. Actual tears :("
eng	negative	"SAY NO To EXAM!!!!!! exam na sa lunes at martes :("
eng	negative	"“@RobinhoodApp: We love spotting Robinhood out in the wild! Thanks for all the support out there, Robinhoodies! 🚙💚 http://t.co/bK6z2WhXMK”:("
eng	negative	"@RyanCooperXZ same here :("
eng	negative	"#docopenhagen i have a horse in my ass :( http://t.co/QouW0Uwd8O"
eng	negative	"I'll just have to write a bunch of ugly setter functions... :("
eng	negative	"@UberUK im swiping right but dont see anything :("
eng	negative	"How am I gonna live without my bbygurl for two whole days :("
eng	negative	"@hinata_shouyno fuck u Neil u ruined it &gt;:-("
eng	negative	"@drunkktae yeah i'm not :((("
eng	negative	"2 years ago today I was packing for the Caribbean :("
eng	negative	"So hacked off with myself as just gone up a size :( 6yrs ago, I had gone down to a size 12 and now I am a size 18 again :( I hate myself :("
eng	negative	"@jabongindia @ibeingdesi @mayank_x3 @mika0562 @shatarup_ @shwetadaga23  :'( Tried very hard but lost :( #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede"
eng	negative	"my bro choose takraw over me :("
eng	negative	"@Dat_NiggaCarlos :((( it's not like a fersuree thing yet though"
eng	negative	"“@INyan99: oh poor baby :( 😁 https://t.co/JQwjFTnppG” 😭"
eng	negative	"Hell naw Angie, ain't nobody paying. Fuck your though this was :("
eng	negative	"@tbhrapmon awwww no but thank you :( but im still ugly huhu idk"
eng	negative	"ice cream sandwich plsss :-(((((("
eng	negative	"how have you been, sheriff? i haven't seen you in aaaaaaaaaaa a aaaaages :(("
eng	negative	"It's always hard leaving my heart :( I'mo sulk all day today."
eng	negative	"@angelhairhes some people aren't like you, Fra... some of them are kinda selfish :("
eng	negative	"@BenJPierce THAT'S NOT FAIR!! I WANNA MEET YOU SOOOO BAD!! &lt;3 &lt;3 :("
eng	negative	"@BelgianKeeper follow trick nonce :("
eng	negative	"@joffocakes I can't do charges on a pad for toffee though so tried to switch to someone other than bison. Never got back in :("
eng	negative	"I need to get up and motivated but that means I have to walk all the way to Q'don and I don't think I have that energy :("
eng	negative	"@missaprilnash oh crikey - not good :( it looks sore! I hope you're starting to feel better since then though x"
eng	negative	"My heart rate is ridiculous today :("
eng	negative	"I'm proud of my heart, it's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works. :( #Unknown"
eng	negative	"Why can't I be going to ed :(:("
eng	negative	"There's totally no stomping at all :("
eng	negative	"the aaaAaaAAAAAAh sound kanye makes in hey mama is so cute :("
eng	negative	"I feel so ill today :("
eng	negative	"Jdjdjdjd it's too detailed I had to stop :("
eng	negative	"@jadehaines I want to add her :("
eng	negative	"@mukesvlut I said to myself I will never gonna eat banana anymore but I dont have a choice :("
eng	negative	"I should've been asleep 3 or 4 hours ago :("
eng	negative	"jimin's fancafe post yesterday &gt;:( i am gone"
eng	negative	"@HeelSimba :( are you free any time on Monday?"
eng	negative	"@RupintaABC11 @ABC11_WTVD Noooo not Friday! I work all weekend :("
eng	negative	"I want a flipping Belgium waffle thrown in my face :("
eng	negative	"Don't have that one :( @Ifrahbreezy @missmbuga Perhaps something else? 87.7 #2fm"
eng	negative	"My KIK - himseek8 #kik #kiksex #kikmsn #like4like #kissme #akua #hotel :( http://t.co/43zczi7Xly"
eng	negative	"homed and gg out again :(("
eng	negative	"Why didn't I glo up yet??? :(("
eng	negative	"I so want to just be at home. I'm not eating properly and I'm sleeping just to pass the time. I'm miserable :("
eng	negative	"@NiaLovelis i miss you :( pls follow me http://t.co/stdLTH1PBS"
eng	negative	"I get so sad about Cory Monteith like very often. :( As I am sure a lot of people do. Gone too soon hits close to home. What could have been"
eng	negative	"@charlotte_louth aw I know, I'm sorry :( how are you and your hashbrowns?😂😊💘💘"
eng	negative	"@lauraho1992 @max4education @KeeleSU ahh the wonderful @KPAKeele!! They're really supportive of PGs - shame they didn't do an MSc I liked :("
eng	negative	"Where is hierro :((("
eng	negative	"My SNAPCHAT - ShirleyCam #snapchat #hornykik #dmme #kikchat #selfie #amazon #phonesex :( http://t.co/teCUf9c9yc"
eng	negative	"@Mickb1980 @CalderClarion @ev2cycling Looks good pal. Glad I paid £111 for my jersey and gilet! : ("
eng	negative	"look at his cheeks so squishy :(  cutest ;( http://t.co/qEV0hix7JZ"
eng	negative	"@delayedmornings oh really ?? wonder why it's expensive there :( are u donating ?"
eng	negative	"Stay lahhh :( https://t.co/TlsKIA4mJv"
eng	negative	"@rxpstar I haven't debut and I'm still a student :( I don't have enough money to pay you eon."
eng	negative	"@tayiscamsbae @ArianaGrande she doesn't even notice me :("
eng	negative	"@SUGGLEEET @AmazingPhil @danisnotonfire im not there too :("
eng	negative	"@smiffy Sorry to hear about your dogs :("
eng	negative	"the sunrise was so pretty but i couldn't get a good picture of it :("
eng	negative	"KIK me guys : beety697 #kik #kikmeguys #kikme #makeup #sex #video #kikkomansabor :( http://t.co/TpZQefeWXN"
eng	negative	"in the getaway car after committing some criminal act !!! :( http://t.co/bmp14zzHLu http://t.co/LIP80Io2t9 ☼"
eng	negative	"@Espio1 @scully1888 It's madness, for sure. Three amiibo for the price of four on Nintendo store. It's just my backup… :("
eng	negative	"@baejuhyunx_  Batman can't fly, I can't help :(((( I HABE FAILED YOU ATE"
eng	negative	"Makes me wish we didn't travel :-("
eng	negative	"@CampSomeMore @TAEKHYEONG @JeffyPie siannn I 7 March 2017 :("
eng	negative	"@IronDuke95 free twitter :("
eng	negative	"@jasferblanco may list ba? :("
eng	negative	"Well it's absolutely chuckin it down in 'ampsha :( #Rain #Rain #Rain"
eng	negative	"@selenagomez why did you have answer fans when i was sleep ??? :("
eng	negative	"@NiaLovelis Nia I want to meet you again :("
eng	negative	"@swiftlywatson ahh I hope you can!! :("
eng	negative	"@abhic4ever Terrible, just terrible. :("
eng	negative	"@uhAkie @CloakZTE but how :("
eng	negative	"I miss the seniors very very much :(("
eng	negative	"@DIESEL Please help me to find the replacement strap for my DZ9055 :( I love that watch!"
eng	negative	"My KIK - entlead590 #kik #kikmenow #nudes #hornykik #tinder #quote #webcamsex :( http://t.co/gYw0ckFKhR"
eng	negative	"@Morteraaaaa tuesday daw :("
eng	negative	"Today was meant to be quiet day to clean the shop but now I'm super busy with clients :("
eng	negative	"@djjoeyfunk yep twice :("
eng	negative	"justinbieber can u pls follow me on &gt;daianerufato&lt; i've been trying for too long :( ilysm bae! xx (July 24, 2015 at 07:02AM)"
eng	negative	"@Uber_Dublin no ice cream for ifsc mayor street :("
eng	negative	"Biodiversity, Taxonomic Infrastructure, International Collaboration, and New Species Discovery http://t.co/BWNMCNBvnC Suppl. data as PDF :("
eng	negative	"I just want my fucking day collar. :("
eng	negative	"@louloubarton81 jealous much :("
eng	negative	"@TOOBTOBI Follow back :("
eng	negative	"Yep 3:03 am can't sleep :(("
eng	negative	"@lvl26highelf @MissFrizzy97 ummm I found it :("
eng	negative	"@Brooklyyyyyyyn :( okay this is the worst"
eng	negative	"My God :( :( :( https://t.co/daFvzOR5qt"
eng	negative	"@PerezHilton That is hardly a respond :-("
eng	negative	"Going to miss belting Sam smith on my daily car rides :(("
eng	negative	"I hope so :(#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Really want to be there :("
eng	negative	"wish i was good at makeup, the only thing im good at is doing eyeliner :((("
eng	negative	"@JoUllah I didn't in the end, I would of had to leave from work and therefore missed it :("
eng	negative	"i thought this is my best day but it's not. no paper towns today :("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix please come to the netherlands :(("
eng	negative	"This actually made me cry this is so disgusting whAT THE ACTUAL FUCK im disgusted by what I've seen poor people :( https://t.co/z0iLcKLO6s"
eng	negative	"lol forgot about mubank today :("
eng	negative	"What if Max and El were together? :("
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush calls #BlackLivesMatter a 'slogan' http://t.co/AFejQqyUsO via @msnbc  #MSNBC #CNN  (#JEBBush thanking his lucky stars... :-("
eng	negative	"It's true... :-( http://t.co/G3gV2f73Bh"
eng	negative	"@lionel_federer @ChocolateCharsi famished :("
eng	negative	"@scdesc damn D: I feel the same way about "Maybe" :( Like I was happy San Marino qualified but I wanted Suzy to qualify D:"
eng	negative	"@jungsilhoon i'm getting there :( we're at least speaking now"
eng	negative	"@SimoontjeVera RIP Momo ;-; :("
eng	negative	"Ripped my skirt and hurt my back im injured lol :("
eng	negative	"@abbyfoy_ I MISS MY BRACES :(("
eng	negative	"@sassylass427 sorry :(("
eng	negative	"I finally could stream ugh couldn't make it home for the past few days for the broadcast :("
eng	negative	"Whenever I hear "Tama!" I can't help but repeat it in my head with the pabebe warrior saying it :("
eng	negative	"why am I even awake :("
eng	negative	"Nearly 50 dead and over 100 wounded reported in bomb attacks in #Iraq. In one week over 300 human beings killed :(  http://t.co/OsxLd1LLG5"
eng	negative	"everyone's on holiday :("
eng	negative	"How far would you go just to win? Camara knows. :-( THE BRIDE WORE COVERALLS http://t.co/EC1zF7A9sy #romance #inspy"
eng	negative	"@jairaabells I won't be around tom. :("
eng	negative	"Mr Happily is both Mr Sneezy &amp; Mr Sleepy :-("
eng	negative	"@GeekPlanetDave He said you've got too much time on your hands :( #RogerWatch"
eng	negative	"@GutterdogUK I am ashamed at my language :(!"
eng	negative	"@Boybisbored stalker!:("
eng	negative	"Red velvet cake plsssssss :("
eng	negative	"everybody fell asleep on me :("
eng	negative	"@InfinitelySY Yeah, I've heard :( I think they should learn a little about traditions and people's beheaviour when they visit a country..."
eng	negative	"@exostrash14 my parents don't let me &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@bublegyum sigh yeah :("
eng	negative	"I miss Robert's cute ass :-("
eng	negative	"True Life :~ I Cant Hide Anything From You... :( . . But When Its About Love...❤ . .         *I HAVE TO...*  ^_^... http://t.co/uVJzARE3tp"
eng	negative	"I fucking hate when I wake up like at this time and I can't fall back asleep ugh :("
eng	negative	"@JamesEllwood0 Aaron said it was shit I didn't have ago because he said not worth taking and that's all I banged on about as well jelouse :("
eng	negative	"There is truly no better feeling in MTG than getting Thoughtseized twice in your first 2 rounds of game 1 to take all your playables away :("
eng	negative	"@TayfurMarshall @mrytrzi oldies but goodies :( http://t.co/nzQmWYMw2b"
eng	negative	"Missing MCG rn. :("
eng	negative	"Woohyun seems weird on inspirit shining night... :( im not ised to seeing him like this........ what happened :/"
eng	negative	"forever no food at home &amp; the food in school is not even nice :-(("
eng	negative	"@fondprince lets just assume it's high waisted because it's harry's jeans:( :(((("
eng	negative	"@peachymin i know :("
eng	negative	"@joinerslive did you by any chance find a black guinness wallet in the venue last night after the show? Lost my wallet :( :( :( Thank you!"
eng	negative	"The evil pepper does to my system. :("
eng	negative	"My KIK - thessidew877 #kik #kikmeguys #FaceTime #omegle #Bored #quote #sexi :( http://t.co/ikWtd54Om2"
eng	negative	"There's a meeting on Sunday and genesis isn't back from Mexico yet :("
eng	negative	"so upset I'm not going in november man, I hope there's going to be a next time in the UK :("
eng	negative	"CRAVING FOR WINGS :((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"@whoisaaronlau I mashed up my phone lost your number.. :( Whattsap me if avail"
eng	negative	"@SabrinaFlowers Yeah :( Idk i just never found the time to finish Inuyasha! I've seen a lot of anime and i grew up watching inuyasha which"
eng	negative	"Hey girl you must be Google Plus because I can't convince any of my fr ends to hang outfwith you. :("
eng	negative	"I JUST WANT MYUNGSOO, GYU, HOYA AND YEOL FOR ONCE :(("
eng	negative	"Victoria Park Books @VictoriaParkBks to close :( http://t.co/2lxZeZAhzE"
eng	negative	"So hard to find an organisation that we're satisfied with :("
eng	negative	"@taesprout god im so sorry i hope you are better now :-( wah"
eng	negative	"Stock up sa for 1 hour. :("
eng	negative	"@DMisHaram lay challo pliss :("
eng	negative	"@swiftcarsm @crappycoffe and where the hell is she :("
eng	negative	"omg I'd so FaceTime Juliana rn but she doesn't have a phone :-("
eng	negative	"Still confused on what to enroll this sem. :("
eng	negative	"@lizzavirus I'm working next weekend :("
eng	negative	"@MrMickyD :( not even when u hit me up we had 5"
eng	negative	"@JessicaRyanFord I fell asleep :( do you guys wanna come to Starbucks w me lol"
eng	negative	"@Darlene_Vibares Darlene Followback please :("
eng	negative	"@JacobAndrade33 @MillerKaapke can we all be gay together at least. Don't leave me out alone :("
eng	negative	"the emoji :((( https://t.co/BFslmBZOAh"
eng	negative	"Freaking cat won't cuddle with me :-("
eng	negative	"@xxKalishaxx @Zoe91x @DeltaGoodrem I see she has a meet and greet tour coming up, but unfortunately she's not coming to Brisbane :("
eng	negative	"@Wilpy1 Too late. :("
eng	negative	"@MerlinHousing hi Merlin, currently waiting a roof repair, and our kitchen is letting in water :( http://t.co/XqaB5F0wB8"
eng	negative	"@daddyksoo I JUST SAW YOUR MENTION OMG SORRY :-((((((((("
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris I'm sorry sweetie :( No one deserves that."
eng	negative	"nawwwee i miss hyperbullies. like tong 3rd yr nga seatmates rajud mi mag barkada :("
eng	negative	"@Thisbummarcus I'll miss you buddy :("
eng	negative	"@baexsuze ores! :("
eng	negative	"So sick :("
eng	negative	"Not looking promising for our evening at the cricket, is it @jaybutcher @MrTomBaker? :( http://t.co/9U5yeDfqqg"
eng	negative	"I only sleep good when I'm at kaylas :("
eng	negative	"I miss everyone so much. Feel like I've not seen them in so long :("
eng	negative	"@chonchonnie I have yet to finish it! I'm still on season 7. :("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - ericavan18 #snapchat #snapchatme #likeforlike #interracial #model #repost #sexo :( http://t.co/X6O6vJmGac"
eng	negative	"Again not feeling well :("
eng	negative	"WHY..... :(( not that I hate jong or dongwoo is just that all the photocards I've been getting is WH, DW &amp; SJ http://t.co/zEQNiFVHUT"
eng	negative	"May brain tumor si Vivian :( #MMSMalubhangSakit"
eng	negative	"Is everyone talking about rat boy today bc :("
eng	negative	"My feet hurt :("
eng	negative	"@frkntrd oh man schade :("
eng	negative	"@wajiyaamjad ohh :( the first year will be a bit tiring but things get better after that!"
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik zayn come back to 1D already. :("
eng	negative	"I'm freezing :("
eng	negative	"I wanted the shoes FOR my holiday, shipping should take 4-5 days so it should have arrived TODAY, but it's not even on its way @DCSHOESUK :("
eng	negative	"@BeaMiller u didn't follow me :(("
eng	negative	"@OhPrincessSaRaH I didn't see it so you must not of... been trying to think for a day what it could be...I've think I just figured it out :("
eng	negative	"My SNAPCHAT - JillCruz18 #snapchat #kiksexting #likeforlike #hornykik #lgbt #music #camsex :( http://t.co/lk77WR8Rrb"
eng	negative	"I feel like I'm the only person in Ireland not going to see @edsheeran in Croke park :("
eng	negative	"@juonghwa sore qt :("
eng	negative	"@sallydunne @laurentierneyy_ not til 19th of sept cos that's when bills start and full rent :("
eng	negative	"ok this whole time I've been tossing &amp; turning in my bed trying to go to sleep but I just can't :("
eng	negative	"Showed up to open shop, but my co-worker is MIA :( Hopefully they arrive soon, I'm starving."
eng	negative	"@antichankai yup!! i always order there anyways 😂 i hope it pushes through :(("
eng	negative	"@chaisooyoung dare :("
eng	negative	"Unsettled weather is the trend for the next few days. Sun this morning. Showers this afternoon. GH is 18C. Mixed bag for the weekend :-(."
eng	negative	"@mzhrkiks why? but you'll get sick :("
eng	negative	"@jungsilhoon two days before my birthday :("
eng	negative	"IM LISTENING TO EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU :(("
eng	negative	"@chuchuxiu shit rlly?:( i heard hamsters eat each other thats pretty fucked up hamsters r weird"
eng	negative	"just wanna see ed sheeran preform tonight :("
eng	negative	"@demongrrl51 some peanut has probably crashed :( .. after all you've seen how they drive on the monash ...?"
eng	negative	"@Astiera01 @KapitaineRose @Madtloves What?P..... :("
eng	negative	"When you cant find a gift so you end up using the money for starbucks :((((("
eng	negative	"@modern_combat I hope the hitmarker glitch is fixed soon :("
eng	negative	"@SafaaAzadMalik_ okay, safaa, please follow me :( I love you"
eng	negative	"Guess who's missed Selena's tweets for fans?:("
eng	negative	"My summer sleep schedule is back :((("
eng	negative	"my eyes want to sleep but the rest of me doesn't. :( This is bad."
eng	negative	"@unclutching :( u okay"
eng	negative	"@ZahraMubeen ye galat hai tum ne mjhe ab non respected lrka bna dia, itna rude word use kia hai ke ab mere bhook hi khatam ho jai hai :("
eng	negative	"can anyone give me money for the train so that i can see @littlemix today?! :("
eng	negative	"Not been to the gym all week, so I need a BIG personal push today to get me there tonight....i've been making excuses to myself. #Lazy :-("
eng	negative	"annoying :(((((((("
eng	negative	"@carlyraejepsen you ain't gonna follow me?:("
eng	negative	"This Social Experiment, made me cry. :( http://t.co/4EiBxJPE9E"
eng	negative	"@ayoo_gerry i miss you :-("
eng	negative	"afterschool cant have a comeback even tho they want to coz they have no money :((("
eng	negative	"Please Pray for my friend Bilal Ashraf his in ICU :( http://t.co/oUtwk8ON6O"
eng	negative	"@qureshi_ruksar thankssss.     :("
eng	negative	"I MISS SO MANY PEOPLE :-("
eng	negative	"@karisshackett01 @MarzJackson won't be long for us all :("
eng	negative	"@taesprout ah im sorry :-( when was it"
eng	negative	"Annnd, now not going to Winchester {:-("
eng	negative	"Its been 1 year now, Since he texted me this... I miss everything. But now, I know he will never be with me again :( http://t.co/lzr8hSb0Q5"
eng	negative	"@JustTakeMeHome_ aw I used the same photo :("
eng	negative	"Exactly :( http://t.co/LJRY4TTlRe"
eng	negative	"@grindmegrande I always make so much effort to talk to you and all I get is like one or two tweets or DMs all day... like really? come on :("
eng	negative	"@Penguin_porter that's awful :("
eng	negative	"@wonwooo17 /grepe grepein/ :("
eng	negative	"I don't want Panem to end :( I just LOVE the books and the movies"
eng	negative	"@sophiabxsh no Idk if I wanna watch the episode now :("
eng	negative	"@_Jazdorothy why my lover :( you going zoo?"
eng	negative	"@SweetieBiebs baby &gt; boyfriend &gt; bitch??? I don't know how to complete it :("
eng	negative	"All ice cream vans are busy :( Maybe later...  #UberIceCream http://t.co/t6GAoKfAp1"
eng	negative	"@lifelesscurves hopefully not :( but sulli was like that too.........well, there was injured amber too, but she's still there haha sigh f(x)"
eng	negative	"@darrenlewington Ouch :( What's happened to make you say this Darren? Is there anything we can help you with from here?"
eng	negative	"not even sleepy :("
eng	negative	"only CPM has condemned it, rest all political parties are quiet :("
eng	negative	"When you realise that 2/3 of your big summer plans have been and gone :( :( :( next up is PARIS ✔️"
eng	negative	"Oops... a server error occurred and your email was not sent. :( :("
eng	negative	"@ajtszxc miss you too :("
eng	negative	"@Insanomania They do... Their mentality doesn't :("
eng	negative	"@hosongjun noooo :( it was too late d. Nvm d lah"
eng	negative	"everything reminds me of u :-("
eng	negative	"no date yet :(  https://t.co/Tu9R2CfSyx"
eng	negative	"feel like eating unagi out of a sudden :( https://t.co/cI5FPi66co"
eng	negative	"@SarahRashadd straight 7elw :( at least mesh beyt3a2ad"
eng	negative	"@kaiality too late now :("
eng	negative	"@Mvusi_ lol I'm still very fluent and people say I sound white :( but varsity ruined me. Sengenza typos and I use some words out of context."
eng	negative	"@ErwanLeCorre is there MovNat in Belgium? First search yields nothing... :-( #NBHeroes"
eng	negative	"@RocksteadyGames Tried doing it from my xbox, but it seems it doesn't work...:( it'd make a killer background."
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? KIK : agover73 #kik #kikgirl #hornykik #makeup #orgasm #brasileirao #sexdate :( http://t.co/PDxVjLdhi7"
eng	negative	"Watching abusive relationship videos is so fucking hard. I'm trying not to cry but it's like... :("
eng	negative	"@hitgal_hashmi me also good.. But why are u not present here?? Have not seen u long time :("
eng	negative	"I like u sm :-("
eng	negative	"I'm so inactive. I wanna cry! :("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : JillCruz18 #snapchat #kikhorny #talk #teens #oralsex #batalladelosgallos #kikhorny :( http://t.co/OjCdZIHpuz"
eng	negative	"@GODDAMMlT SRSLY FUCK U UNFOLLOWER HOPE UR FUTURE CHILD UNPARENTS U &gt;:-("
eng	negative	"Ah i honestly love my dad so much I'm slightly upset that I'm not seeing him on my birthday :("
eng	negative	"@soarcasm Bianca   Ur one and only bun : ("
eng	negative	"you already knew i couldn't stand to let people dislike me :(( it's burdensome and i want totally clear it as soon as possible"
eng	negative	"@aquazzSky same here omg I miss them so badly :((("
eng	negative	"Amelia didnt stalk my twitter :("
eng	negative	"oh, i missed the broadcast. : ("
eng	negative	"i really can't stream on melon i feel useless :-("
eng	negative	"I need to stop looking at old soccer pictures :("
eng	negative	"Got an interview for the job that I want but they rang me Tuesday for the interview on Thursday but in on holiday :("
eng	negative	"@AndreaMarySmith very helpful .... Or will be once I stop crying :("
eng	negative	"@realyys_ OTL NEVERMIND :( at least i got jeon so"
eng	negative	"And AS SOON as I tweeted that she planted her claws in my thigh for traction and zoomed away :("
eng	negative	"@luketothestars damnit :("
eng	negative	"@KLM I used to be PRY/PV ..... wish I could relive those days and become NYC/PV buy there is no way to communicate with NYC or USA KLM :("
eng	negative	"It's really hot :-("
eng	negative	"@Carouselballet Monday? :("
eng	negative	"@badoeuf If going to stop breakfast early you might want to remove the 11am from your website. Even McD's doesn't pull that trick. :("
eng	negative	"@blairforce2 which means its on its way over here :( 3rd load just hung up"
eng	negative	":( but wtf am I supposed to do now without her"
eng	negative	"Headache strike :("
eng	negative	"English weather needs to fix up :(("
eng	negative	"Live fam bam but I have a cough :("
eng	negative	"Absolutely gutted all the James Bay tickets have sold out for Manchester :("
eng	negative	"Seventh spot na lang :( #OTWOLGrandTrailer"
eng	negative	"Splendour :("
eng	negative	"@lizzytrevaskis @1057darwin OMG! Swedish hair metal legends HäirFørce in the studio while I am on leave??? Noooo :( #givecodpieceachance"
eng	negative	"@missalicebmbds it's sore, Alice. :("
eng	negative	"I'm not ready to work yet :("
eng	negative	"@adoringpreston someone unfaved :(("
eng	negative	"stiles :("
eng	negative	"@infinityandbion funny mo :("
eng	negative	"someone explain #SandraBland :("
eng	negative	"@archietalanay dont be sad :(((((( ily"
eng	negative	"@sonzhi No, I am going to spend the night in Prague and then leaving tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"one of my friend is following me , a little heart attack , im sorry youre blocked :((((( sadis"
eng	negative	"@ellierowexo no I'm annoyed :("
eng	negative	"@GabyInTheFields Consider yourself lucky! my favourite character didn't even make it to the season finale in The 100 :("
eng	negative	"@SarahLucero boo. I had already turned in. Yes. At 915. :("
eng	negative	"@BeaMiller I DON'T HAVE ITUNES SO I'M WAITING #NotAnApology :("
eng	negative	"my layout doesn't match but it's the closest I could find for my header :( someone help"
eng	negative	"@RamaZafar hayeee :( hayeee :( patwari here mam but for IK's vision I would say nothing rather than a lil laugh"
eng	negative	"@Mjbulanhagui13 agh, sorry :-("
eng	negative	"VidCon :( :( :("
eng	negative	"@Quality_CE don't gas me :(("
eng	negative	"@TheKelseeey awhhh ok ok :( see you nalang when class opens!!! Hehe"
eng	negative	"Last night was one of the worst night :( I pretty sure this Albanian women cursed me"
eng	negative	"Air Max Tavas pls pls pls pls :("
eng	negative	"@ChaeHyungwon_ taken :( another chara maybe? -teteh"
eng	negative	"@devjoshi10 dev I.m verry sad cause you on twitter and than me off :("
eng	negative	"@ryannhough I can imagine! This would shatter my dreams :-( We'll let our @CooperativeFood colleagues know all about this. ^SB"
eng	negative	"Too much missing you :("
eng	negative	"@IMJicellmoreno Nawee ! :("
eng	negative	"I WANT A WHITE FRENCH BULLDOG :((("
eng	negative	"Wanna feel loved :("
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris Aww Poor you T.T I wish I was there to help you. Even though I can't really help much :("
eng	negative	"I'm sorry I didn't see this tweet :( 2 Points x https://t.co/N6HMgKfoR1"
eng	negative	"I miss the Macho Man :("
eng	negative	"can i hav my purity back ? :("
eng	negative	"@heartissoJEDlag i have kwento :( fbc"
eng	negative	"3 days without talking with Bae :("
eng	negative	"@punkrockbgmouth @indiandeathlock whaaaaaaat noooooooo :("
eng	negative	"@WeeklyChris   Please tweet me something I'm sad :( you can cheer me up  please.."
eng	negative	"I miss my brown hair :("
eng	negative	"Nakakapikon yung nagbabasa ka ng blog comments for info and it's full of people asking the same damned questions answered in the post. :("
eng	negative	"@kevinperry leading cause of cancer in children under five :("
eng	negative	"Alone :-( :'( :-\"
eng	negative	"@rcdlccom hello, any info about possible interest in Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :( greatings"
eng	negative	"@chescaleigh I'm sorry people are being shits who don't respect your personal space. :("
eng	negative	"@seulgi_psv noooo :( *sogok ice cream*"
eng	negative	"@lucyanne_l Thank you for sending premium writing instrument, however some dastardly swine stole it from envelope! :( http://t.co/xNe3cD6dvk"
eng	negative	"Im getting sick and tired of pipol saying Im short... M not Short... I AM TINY :("
eng	negative	"@Charlie_Bread fair enough :( why would anyone do that? Just seems a tad fucked up 😔 .. It's a wiper, a wiper!"
eng	negative	"@EMPERYtech supposedly one of the worst kernels for any device :("
eng	negative	"i'm so bored :("
eng	negative	"Is this true? I doubt it is :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Today’s job (another facking #Intel). Extra mega careful not to get bent socket pins :-( #PCGaming #PCUpgrade http://t.co/VeJNS9FBfn"
eng	negative	"Hate being the messenger :("
eng	negative	"is everyone asleep already?:(((("
eng	negative	"@MoKurd they've brainwashed you :("
eng	negative	"can some1 pls download smosh:the movie free online? Hahahaha :("
eng	negative	"MY kik - plawnew837 #kik #kikmenow #amateur #sfs #snapme #summer #hottie :( http://t.co/2HnzstgnOa"
eng	negative	"@rivverofhoney Omg no way?! not you guys aswell :-( btw cat litter isnt good for pregnancy make sure u dont go near"
eng	negative	"Ah Mensch @Tikus09 :("
eng	negative	"Sepanx with this one :( https://t.co/4Hp6d3sMwr"
eng	negative	"@LoseThe_Battle We cannot view the picture. Are you unhappy with the seats on our bus? :("
eng	negative	"There's a huge bag of presents from Luke and I can't open them until he's back from work :-(((("
eng	negative	"@baexrv pcy mine :-("
eng	negative	"@walesdotcom @Visitcaerphilly last time I went to Caerphilly I couldn't find anywhere selling local cheese :-("
eng	negative	"My eyes are really bad today and I don't even have my glasses :("
eng	negative	"@rauhlstilinski I'M OMW😍 lol I wish :((((("
eng	negative	"@lukesdagger JOKE LANG EH :( HAHDHDHSHHS"
eng	negative	"Never seeing your dad until midnight bc he worked hard as fuck :( #GrowingUpPoor"
eng	negative	"@JackJackJohnson @jackgilinsky NUMBER ONE IN AMERICA!! 😭🇺🇸 i wish i could buy it but no money :( http://t.co/7xyNmimTpR"
eng	negative	"Wish that I can buy all Bangtan's merch :("
eng	negative	"The pain of all #UberIceCream drivers being busy :("
eng	negative	"@lawrenceispichu oh gosh what did you say? And aw hun :( *cuddles*"
eng	negative	"@DatMelvin @Official__Jakub me wants! :("
eng	negative	"@taimoor_mahmood taimoor Meray dost :("
eng	negative	"@literalwt tyas mind to refollow me :("
eng	negative	"My stomach is killing me :("
eng	negative	"as if not an apology isn't available in australia :(( @BeaMiller"
eng	negative	"ksoo u dumb butt :("
eng	negative	"@D4nMeAtSix @carterreynolds omg why am I getting hate for being a sex offender :( poor me :( I'm a stupid pissbaby"
eng	negative	"i want to finish death parade by this weekend :("
eng	negative	"I'm so frustrated with my planks. The times are super inconsistent, and I have no idea what I'm doing wrong. :("
eng	negative	"RIP TOM MOORE...... I LOVE READING HIS COMIC BOOKS.... ANOTHER GREAT ARTIST I WILL TRULY MISS  :( http://t.co/f5uVxTUcSE"
eng	negative	"@tylerftirwin I miss this so much :("
eng	negative	"@catasrtophe awww i miss you too i swear but Twitter these days are truly boring so i rather watch movies and football :("
eng	negative	"when can sch get better........ :-("
eng	negative	"my throat is so so sore :(("
eng	negative	"Why is no one awake :("
eng	negative	"Im hungry now :("
eng	negative	"Get in the bin, OSX/Chrome/Voiceover &gt;:( http://t.co/0bcvA6YjWu"
eng	negative	"😂😂 what a night :(((((( so devo xxx https://t.co/9ixTnyBXLb"
eng	negative	"im so sad :("
eng	negative	"I hope it's wrong about #HulkHogan but I think I know deep down its not. It's hurtful to wake up that kind of unpleasantness :("
eng	negative	"@Yoonginese I don't even know what to say :((("
eng	negative	"@kingsxcreed daaaaaamn :(("
eng	negative	"@maaaybs Grabe ang harsh huhuhu why u like that? :("
eng	negative	"@halfmoonhalsey aw babe :(("
eng	negative	"my boys r playing :( and i cant watch it :( rip"
eng	negative	"Dadas uh iphone na, :(:( [pic] — https://t.co/Jr4U98A8ja"
eng	negative	"@OscarTrue89 no sorry I'm fully booked :-( xx"
eng	negative	"@ssulstagram why you unfollow me unnie?:("
eng	negative	"@norman__g lucky spike only :-("
eng	negative	"@imaginIarry omg i miss you 2 :("
eng	negative	"Why didn't Panic's new album come out on the 22nd :("
eng	negative	"bigbang need some rest :( they have been travelling from one place to another, must be really tiring for them :("
eng	negative	"@Atunci_CoV @QuetaAuthor :( rude"
eng	negative	"@nickiminaj you mention South Africa so many times in your song its about time you come to South Africa ! :("
eng	negative	"Hate when I can't remember my dreams, I love sharing them :("
eng	negative	"What is going on in America man R.I.P to all the victims in #Louisiana :("
eng	negative	"When school comes between me and twitter :("
eng	negative	"Taking 190 at such a horrible timing :("
eng	negative	"@myungfart ella :( cheer up pls"
eng	negative	"@Lizarrdz That's no excuse for launching an attack Lizardz, you should feel like shit for doing that.  I am deeply ashamed of you.  &gt;:("
eng	negative	"@dtaylor5633  Nothing worse :("
eng	negative	"@cockneyradish Sorry about that :( We need to get an emergency engineer out to you! Will you be home for the next 4 hours? ^Laura"
eng	negative	"I can never go to sleep early :( lol"
eng	negative	"@elglozano home dormtel near st scho!! all girls siya tho :( do you want me to help you find oneee"
eng	negative	"@JDRaPlD @Excluzzive I was talking to exclusive :( U know I carry U want me to play 😘"
eng	negative	"7pm on a Friday and I am dead :("
eng	negative	"@fantasticpru @gemmajoobjoob Sorry Nat, school holidays.. :(  and I'm working at 1pm."
eng	negative	"@Vitality_Watson why do you do this when Im in work :("
eng	negative	"@Shansdoe every time i have feta cheese, my head starts to blaaaaze! sometimes my vision is messed too and nausea comes in :("
eng	negative	"@natzaz17 Oh no, that's not good :( We're not aware of any issues. Have you been able to top-up now?"
eng	negative	"Sharknado, one hour that I will never get back :("
eng	negative	"Yeah, leave me on read :-("
eng	negative	"I cannot even sleep right now :("
eng	negative	"And Ernie :("
eng	negative	".@ItsFoodsPorn all over my TL :( hungry af!"
eng	negative	"@Marguuuuh it's raining :-("
eng	negative	"@DasCarrot no EZOO for me this year sorry :-("
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT : LilyButle18 #snapchat #kikmenow #amateur #kikmeboys #seduce #hannibal #kiksexting :( http://t.co/y8RcKiqSZ3"
eng	negative	"when ed sheeran is preforming in your country tonight and ur not going :("
eng	negative	"@Uber_Mumbai Cannot seem to get one in Powai! :("
eng	negative	"My neighbor doesn't let me sleep :-("
eng	negative	"@The_Lie_Lama back to Delhi :("
eng	negative	"@ButtCupboard my feet were cold!!!! and there was no point in taking the socks off okay stop :("
eng	negative	"i can't belieb it's raining :("
eng	negative	"Since models own stopped stocking at boots I can't get any and I can't even order online because it's telling me it's unsafe :("
eng	negative	"@crushinghes the summer holidays are great but I'm so bored already :("
eng	negative	"@X2raw_evicted Oh. I was planning on streaming Halo on Xbox One today.  :("
eng	negative	"Drop Dead Fred use to be my favorite movie  I wish I had it :-("
eng	negative	"remember was #2 on gaon and bad was #6 but infnt are eligible and apink are not :(((( acube why'd u do this"
eng	negative	"So sad every time apink has an event .. Don't understand Korean  :( 😭😭"
eng	negative	"@iamcharleigh_ :( have fun"
eng	negative	"Bullshit......:(("
eng	negative	"@Taylan247 :( - Do you know what happens to the internet light when the connection drops? Thanks, Kei."
eng	negative	"@Nigguhjoee @Kvndrewhdz @xEnigma93 I wish I could hear food :("
eng	negative	"@HanaaGhzlli hanaaaa its your birthday???? ya Allah sorry for not wishing you in the van jn i tak tau :( happy birthday gorgeous!"
eng	negative	"@redlipshoran @JacobWhitesides omg really? I'm sorry babe :((("
eng	negative	"@tallertara what happened soul sis? :("
eng	negative	"And faith :("
eng	negative	"What was the last present you received? — haha. basta. :( http://t.co/xhdfobhn8N"
eng	negative	"Went to bed with headache...woke up with headache :("
eng	negative	"Snapchat me guys : JasminGarrick #snapchat #kiksexting #chat #sexting #addme #mpoints #hotmusicdelocos :( http://t.co/xXfTQWzhAI"
eng	negative	"Relation full of lies :("
eng	negative	"aw fuck there's a dress bag on the floor. dammit that's really loud :("
eng	negative	"Dhis👉 @AhmedMarzooq blocked my twitter :( thank you for the good time 😢 I play 8ball,  FAKMAREY,"
eng	negative	"@LaEtchi unfortunately yours smells like doo doo :("
eng	negative	"I wanna go to six flags :("
eng	negative	"@Sam_Ardi sorry :("
eng	negative	"Shopping isn't fun when you're on your own :("
eng	negative	"I miss cat :("
eng	negative	"@bbgurrll i miss you too :("
eng	negative	"I would like to be able to work full time on this stuff, but after this move, I'm having to consider taking on a fulltime job. :("
eng	negative	"@izzsugden yeah I've seen something about tinder on fb!! I was rooting for them :( but the other woman is frustrating me being so awkward!"
eng	negative	"No food in the kitchen, no money in my wallet (thanks Barcelona) and my dad hasn't been home in a month so no beet juice either :("
eng	negative	"DCI today, now I wish I was going :-("
eng	negative	"@TrevvyM114 At work and freezing :("
eng	negative	"Srsly, Y U do that? :((  https://t.co/g0r01GGj2b"
eng	negative	"Hate seeing my granddad like this :("
eng	negative	"@cessyybells sorry pre :("
eng	negative	"@voxcinemas I want the minion bucket please :( it wasn't there yesterday! :("
eng	negative	"All is fair in love and war kapan update :(  Oh ya udah dihapus. Hilang dari muka bumi.  I want to read it once more someone give me link 😢"
eng	negative	"@tiaramescudi girl that was so quick too :("
eng	negative	"so many nasty, narrow minded people :("
eng	negative	"i want this in my room :-( http://t.co/alpqbVixcP"
eng	negative	"Because your friend does not respect your life :-( I'm sorry  https://t.co/ApJ18ZWK0x"
eng	negative	"@CollagenShots Sadly not :( @Fighting_Fifty @AmazingPRltd @Janettaras @Gracefodor @NikkiTMB @rozhubley"
eng	negative	"Sucks how I'm Gona miss Chellos party :("
eng	negative	"@RCDeportivo hello, any info about possible interest in Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :("
eng	negative	"@LizaNMinnelli i can't watch it on my phone. Sorry :( thank you still &lt;3"
eng	negative	"The taxi driver thought me and Sophie worked for Nintendo and took us into the gates :( the security guards gave us the dirtiest looks haha"
eng	negative	"@1994sdork omg :-(( I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MONICA SEE YOU SOON AAAHHH !!!"
eng	negative	":((( (at Crepes 40) — https://t.co/bazEmHlhYL"
eng	negative	"@captaintn @JAYBUMAOMGY @satgotlloco @longlivesamd don't kick my bae :(("
eng	negative	"@JoWaltham haha. Sounds like you’re having fun and games :("
eng	negative	"@justinbieber you don't follow me :("
eng	negative	"school is on monday but i don't wanna meet new people :("
eng	negative	"@exhaustcd BUT... I HAVENT FINISHED YET :("
eng	negative	"@bbomiyeh No. U forsaken me and ran off with the other gf. :("
eng	negative	"Kanin please :( xD"
eng	negative	"Can not get on #hypixel :( want to record grrrr #thestruggleisreal #geek #gamer #gamers #youtube"
eng	negative	"@EdmundMcMillenn I want afterbirth now :("
eng	negative	"this is a bummer :( apink's digital + physical sales have been super great but bc of the timing of the album release they aren't up to win?"
eng	negative	"OverPerhatian:(:("
eng	negative	"this is so sad :(((((((("
eng	negative	"@GarryBrown75 That's awful :( My son missed his physics exam because he had chicken pox and they gave him a predicted grade. Poor girl."
eng	negative	"but srsly tho, bae looks so out of it :(((("
eng	negative	"@Cr4sh0v3rr1de Ahm...I've never been to London...nor on a holiday outside of Ireland in nearly 8 years :( Never got the chance/cash to go"
eng	negative	"please follow me :( @JackJackJohnson"
eng	negative	"@fivedorkz why omg :-("
eng	negative	"5am &amp; I'm up wit ha damn headache :("
eng	negative	"I had a dream that I met Karlie Kloss &amp; she was so so sweet &amp; she wanted to take like a bunch of goofy photos with me. :("
eng	negative	"i didn't realize it was 3 am i was watching concert videos and pcd is extremely hard rn :("
eng	negative	"@matthaig1 SORRY if I antagonised you with this. But she calls herself a writer. And has had several polite nudges, too... :("
eng	negative	"@helter_skeleton I haven't delved into it enough but what I have seen and heard is fucking horrendous. :("
eng	negative	"@luke_brooks follow me :("
eng	negative	"@AdaptsTheGod but duo we both dropped double digits :( TWICE"
eng	negative	"@DaShawnBullfrog @PapaHogieBear I just got here :( come!!!'"
eng	negative	"THEYRE SO CUTE I WISH I KNEW WHAT THEY WERE SAYING :( http://t.co/Vr3ICTaFIS"
eng	negative	"I care :( http://t.co/Oe5ID3cJIR"
eng	negative	"@Jenna_Marbles I wish I could've met you :("
eng	negative	"My grandad really isn't well :( I worry so much about him!"
eng	negative	"@ayyedolans DO U HAVE GRAY'S FOLLOWK?!! OMG ITS TOO HARD these DAYS U KNOW :(:("
eng	negative	"@nighteyeslrh and idk what to do bc we have no money if we leave :-("
eng	negative	"@KyuminpuVELF a lot of people suggest, but they still aren't :(!"
eng	negative	"@justinbieber follback me pls :("
eng	negative	"@BroderickDamien you have to get a pace maker? oh no! :("
eng	negative	"@isalouise2012 ah mince :("
eng	negative	"@scdesc Molly deserved a much higher place :("
eng	negative	"I'm so hungry :(("
eng	negative	"all i wanna do is have a good time with no one hitting on me or dating me is that too much to ask for :("
eng	negative	"Feeling very sucky w this running nose cough sore throat and fever :-("
eng	negative	"@flirtyoakley same i hate hot weather :( its my graduation ceremony later and all the boys are gonna wear suits everyones going to die"
eng	negative	"@AlexaBailon "let's go to a party....in our pants " ew :( gross"
eng	negative	"someone has niall layouts to give me? :("
eng	negative	"hey christine, why so moody? :("
eng	negative	"@bluexxdream i miss you :("
eng	negative	"THROWBACKS :( http://t.co/WEbrI8gAgM"
eng	negative	"@jesuskylie @tothebeyhive thats not a good enough of a reason :( please dont leave youre one of my fav barbs"
eng	negative	"@LewissCharles Cooper, but I'm not convinced. Neither of your 2 please! I'm more concerned with Creasy winning Deputy - but she won't :("
eng	negative	"@3nymph some taste so bad though :("
eng	negative	"i was joking only man :((((("
eng	negative	"I never removed the Minion from my car and now after 23 days it has run out of batteries! I have no "Banana's" :("
eng	negative	"@CurlyxStyls i want a sponsor but my acc is new so i don't have even 1k :("
eng	negative	"What if I told u guys its my bday today ? :( all gift I want is $5 paypal"
eng	negative	"goodbye stage already :-("
eng	negative	"@pixiesuga shit idk what time it is for me :(("
eng	negative	"today was tiring :-(("
eng	negative	"@ughponcong pretty :("
eng	negative	":((((( matt"
eng	negative	"@DEPORSEMPRE1 hello, any info about possible interest of Jonathas ?? He is close to join Betis :( saludos"
eng	negative	"hey someone text me :(("
eng	negative	"Another dissapointed review :( http://t.co/HlnZzdW0Tz #bbloggers #makeup #beauty @BBlogRT @BBloggersUnite @FemaleBloggerRT"
eng	negative	"😫 &lt;-- this has to be the face every guy pull when getting head but can feel your bae's teeth in his dick :("
eng	negative	"Ahhhhh well :("
eng	negative	"i wanna see paper towns w/ @milesfloresss :("
eng	negative	"where can i get long lasting black pumps :("
eng	negative	"@jaydebose omfg it's the most beautiful place ever I miss it so much :("
eng	negative	"Hate pimples :("
eng	negative	"it's almost 12 but i'm so tired :("
eng	negative	"@latersbby honey &amp; brown sugar is only good for ur lips :/ but the amount of stuff I used on my face that I could've used on food instead :("
eng	negative	"@shagotpm ikr hais why would someone sell that precious thing? :(("
eng	negative	"I'm so tired :( I haven't got a good sleep in a while"
eng	negative	"@ZhenJie3007 yea man... Suppose to football tdy man but plan fail :("
eng	negative	"Please god I don't wanna go to work :("
eng	negative	"@gracioussam I kinda miss Pamela and good!Anna :("
eng	negative	"@norm Can we please be woes? I can't run through the six with you, though, as I live in Mexico :("
eng	negative	"@Charlotte_Solom idk if I can because I'm getting a mini bus there so idk what time I'm going to get there :("
eng	negative	"@harriep Hi Harry, sorry :( We're working on a mast in the area. This can cause intermittent service until the work has been completed."
eng	negative	"Looking for fun? SNAPCHAT - JannieCam #snapchat #kikme #webcam #snapchatme #kikhorny #musicbiz #hotmusicdelocos :( http://t.co/8aOe100cdC"
eng	negative	"@KirkHerbstreit Braxton should have gone pro! :(  I feel bad for him.  Urban is unprecedented in brainwashing (see Tebow and Alex Smith)"
eng	negative	"@dxniellacueto wat. Okaaay huhu :(( sayanggggggggg did you find yah phone?"
eng	negative	"1. Taxi Service 2. Second Scheduled Blog Post 3. HOUSEWORK OR BUST :("
eng	negative	"My mum says she's done &amp; that she's leaving my step dad :-("
eng	negative	"I want to go to Disneyland so badly :-("
eng	negative	"BC OF THE 'THOMAS' NOT BEING TOMMYY :(( https://t.co/pYbIISPopv"
eng	negative	"@LouiseMillerx @RedShoes4Life @x_Kisaragi @DayveHallam Billy did. I haven't... :("
eng	negative	"I fancy Kevin Clifton from strictly come dancing so much but he's now married :( whyyyyy"
eng	negative	"NSC and MAT 0 tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"@denissely Awhh i didn't see you guys or i would've rammed my car into you :("
eng	negative	"@bandq_help that's ok :( is there any reason why the vouchers can't be used online??"
eng	negative	"KIK me : smadvow544 #kik #kikgirl #lgbt #photo #model #free #hottie :( http://t.co/Rzo9DqAXei"
eng	negative	"@halle182 everyone's at work I can't even get to yours :("
eng	negative	"@quidco @TPOuk would love to see acdc..missed out on tickets :("
eng	negative	"@Lungi_jobe :( akere ive been sending ka my gmail and u not getting :("
eng	negative	"It's their last stage today :( I'm going to miss them seeing them almost everyday"
eng	negative	""@Boy_Hugots: Never give up. The best things take time." weh :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - sprevelink633 #kik #hornykik #chat #porno #orgasm #free #webcamsex :( http://t.co/ZepUgc5yJ3"
eng	negative	"@xsushie why you're now lana? :("
eng	negative	"Missed 11:11 :( btw my wish was for @carterreynolds to follow me♥ #LoveYouTillTheEndCarter ☺"
eng	negative	"@Shonette @HartsBakery Aw that sounds great, better than what i  have for lunch :("
eng	negative	"I want to play the SFV!!! Capcom plz :("
eng	negative	"Tips ONLINE! 6/7 WINNERS yesterday! Just 1 goal off a nice 20/1 :( Hopefully a similar strike rate today! http://t.co/lJEB3EPZVt"
eng	negative	"@phenomyoutube u probs had more fun with david than me : ("
eng	negative	"Soooo burnt.... :-("
eng	negative	"need new phone :("
eng	negative	"Missing my tito daddy :("
eng	negative	"when will rosie and hayoung shut up :("
eng	negative	"I just want the Ram and NLB :-("
eng	negative	"@KyraaVazquez @geneanex HAHAHAH holy shit!!! Comforting why? :("
eng	negative	"@OhHeyItsAJ How could you be flat and have abs at the same time... @_@  Gym tayo G!! :((("
eng	negative	"@RohYB_ @Glanny_ @_wattie yeah :("
eng	negative	"First two days of Katies summer and she's been back and forth to the doctor with suspect meningitis and viral tonsillitis :( poorly girl 😷"
eng	negative	"I wanna go to the movies today but no one is down :("
eng	negative	"I want to watch Paper towns :-("
eng	negative	"@katiejosephx I've had no reply yet :(( !! But ange has given me some work for the next 3 weeks 😝 x"
eng	negative	"@cmoan3 don't say that :-("
eng	negative	"Babyy :((( http://t.co/WX0gjCms9t"
eng	negative	"@Cath_Kidston they dont have it either :( I will just have to have ugly cushions for a little while longer. thanks for your help."
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness happy birthday again! And please come back to singapore :-( 😿💓💓💕😚😚😚😚😚❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ http://t.co/5LIiqJqpBt"
eng	negative	"@APluckyHeroine @Mrsnige no. They have to weigh up risks. Premiums will go up. :( A lot of money.1 reason I'm not that keen on getting a dog"
eng	negative	"@PexDesigns @TheAnimeBible I know that feel man :("
eng	negative	"@Wolf_Stack yeah by the looks of it :("
eng	negative	"@walls @UberUK @cornettouk I can't see where it says "ice cream" on the uber app :( what do I do after setting my location?"
eng	negative	"@BenJPierce I wish I could see you Ben :("
eng	negative	"@kennyfairley @kevrobbo27 i don't think we will ever win the Petrofac Cup :-( ;-)"
eng	negative	"15 Days ago Danny took my wig and put it onto mark's head I want to go back there @thescript @TheScript_Danny :( ♥ https://t.co/9ojA3FPxKF"
eng	negative	"This&gt;@AnaMyID a pathetic emotional burden.Says she likes me, cares about me, hugs me, respects me, tolerates me! &amp; calls me names too! :-("
eng	negative	"is allergic to cats... itchy throat. :("
eng	negative	"@sxnflame I don't like dogs :("
eng	negative	"Man right now, I wish someone would bring me food to my office. I'm starving. :("
eng	negative	"@VyenAngel gosh its cheaper in malaysia :( here its worth 130 +shipping"
eng	negative	"the weather is set for more sleep but responsibilities. :-("
eng	negative	"i think someone hacked my other acc :("
eng	negative	"Guys nooooo :-( what a WOW!!!!! Wow wow wow"
eng	negative	"This boy was snapchattimg me and I was happy bc friends then he ruined it when he said "you wanna have fun😏😏" :(("
eng	negative	"@sambirmingham2 I couldn't!! I look 12 still :(("
eng	negative	"@lemoncandykiss tbh I forget who is the donation manager in Sin &amp; due to my hp corrupted did a restore all my data lost lor :("
eng	negative	"@Juandicimo23 it's the worst pain :("
eng	negative	"@ladyliaaxoxo but never dedicating anything to me :( smh lol"
eng	negative	"Irene unnie bite her fingers and worriedly stared at staff :( ~it's okay unnie"
eng	negative	"I feel so sick :(((((("
eng	negative	"@deano042 @RealKrisTravis WHAT :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - toneady46532 #kik #kikmeboys #wife #porno #snapdirty #premiostumundo #sheskindahot :( http://t.co/Swy2jBs8SC"
eng	negative	"Omfg the hugging corpses :((((("
eng	negative	"@MynameisQin @ManiiFanii #taeny #fyeah the link is broken :("
eng	negative	"@DeEstrellados hello, any info about possible interest of Jonathas ?? Hes close to Betis :("
eng	negative	"I CANT WATCH TONIGHTS ANDROMEDA :((("
eng	negative	"@yuniizu LA time, right? Yes yunnie, im serious :((("
eng	negative	"Why do developers release good games during school?? :("
eng	negative	"@djdarrenjones Thank you! I feel awful, not been this sick for a long time :("
eng	negative	"@cloudljp THERE WERE A LOT OF WRITINGS OF THE BOYS IN MY SECTION WHDJWKSJA IDK THAT ZIAM WRITING STILL FUCKS ME UP  i go to a 100k school :("
eng	negative	"@LushKitchen Noo I've ben watching it like a hawke all week! So gutted :("
eng	negative	"Don't spoil me :( http://t.co/XJGO5Znsjh"
eng	negative	"None of you were hiding behind my shower curtain again :("
eng	negative	"@adlow76 :( I wanted it to be good, or at least watchable - but by all accounts, it's neither"
eng	negative	"I WANT TO WATCH! :( https://t.co/wdETpUIyOZ"
eng	negative	"My last day in Indiana :(((("
eng	negative	"when your fav cheese gives you migrines :( &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;"
eng	negative	"still sad that we haven't fixed my cars window bc I can't drive anywhere without being scared it'll shatter on me :("
eng	negative	"@hannardynamite I only have the morning off work unfortunately :( are you at GDCE/Gamescom?"
eng	negative	"@jjjaneell hay idk baby :( 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭"
eng	negative	"@VGO__ Oh no :( Do't think that. Do you have a parcel coming from Yodel now? If so hit follow &amp; DM over your tracking num. Chelsea"
eng	negative	"I wish I could be friends with everybody :( lmfaooooo"
eng	negative	"Oooooouch!!! My poor pinky toe 👣 Good thing I work for Podiatrists. Just waiting until morning so I can go in. Hurry and be morning :("
eng	negative	"@michaelsutthako morning , i miss you :( :*"
eng	negative	"I miss my old house because you could hear when my parents door opened. Now I have to act like I'm asleep :("
eng	negative	"Gusto ko ng Rodic's :( someone share an order with me because one's big"
eng	negative	"@SVTNDino adoohh :("
eng	negative	"@bumkeyyfel b-butt : ( isn't black cat a bad luck ene"
eng	negative	"Missed out on tickets for @BelleSGlasgow's @RoyalAlbertHall shows this morning? :( Get your #Tigermilk fix at http://t.co/QGGHsnicxv"
eng	negative	"@21dadoongie yes hopefully next year :(("
eng	negative	"I want to meet Jacob so bad @jacobwhitesides :("
eng	negative	"Can you please tell me :("
eng	negative	"@yoditstanton @elise_huard @bodil I used to recommend East Dulwich, but it's gone super crazy in the last five years. :("
eng	negative	"@becchall awwww i miss you too! :("
eng	negative	"The last few episodes were really intense :(((((( kagami n kuroko forever &lt;3"
eng	negative	"can't sleep :-("
eng	negative	"I just can't say nah to food :(((("
eng	negative	"@keancipriano I want to see you :( sana makita na kita and ang @callalilyband ."
eng	negative	"spooky jim and smol bean :("
eng	negative	"One of the guys from true blood was in St. Fagans yesterday :( :( :( @KimIannucci"
eng	negative	"@Charlottegshore Where can I buy your book #MeMeMe? I live in Finland :("
eng	negative	"@theohurts whaaat. this so isn't fair :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness nooo stay in UK IM HERE :("
eng	negative	"@Ashton5SOS aw poor thing :("
eng	negative	"@Hafeelalala I also want :(("
eng	negative	"@elementaladam This looks amazing! (think I saw them at meadowhall the other day actually) unfortunately its a weekend so I'll be at work :("
eng	negative	"@seokielips sorry :( i spend more time on instagram now"
eng	negative	"RIP Lola. :( I'll miss you. Sorry at di kita nadalaw the last days. Thank you for everything.. sa memories, sa warm hugs, sa lahat. Labyu la"
eng	negative	"@kaydeejimin okies :-("
eng	negative	"" I dont want anything happen to my bae :( ""
eng	negative	"Who even started this trend? I wanna know if there is a jot of truth :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"Snapchat me guys : IvyPowel19 #snapchat #kikhorny #chat #girl #like4like #travel #phonesex :( http://t.co/HNMkErVr2O"
eng	negative	"@1DalertGER Schade :("
eng	negative	"Missin my homeslice on her bday :(( &lt;/333 @wraithmedia http://t.co/1J3qYUTTqG"
eng	negative	"My poor throat :((("
eng	negative	"MY FAV EMOTICON RIGHT NOW IS THE " :(: " EMOTICON"
eng	negative	"you see i'd get my eyebrows done at prettylooks but i wanna try different styles too :("
eng	negative	"rip whitney houston. :("
eng	negative	"@iAhmedMallick @LightAgayi  Aur ap bhi is me shamil ho :("
eng	negative	"I haven't been on much these past 2 days bc I need to save my 3g but I feel like I've missed tonnes :((("
eng	negative	"@gambl3d Hey there - sorry to hear this :( Have you checked the service status page → http://t.co/xyUrkkSa60? Gen"
eng	negative	"Are you holding back  like the way you do :("
eng	negative	"The amount i'm eating these days is ridiculous, don't know why I'm suddenly always hungry :("
eng	negative	"omg when ally hugs mani she wraps her arms around her neck and pulls her closer :-((("
eng	negative	"@SensodyneIndia I loved it but this #ToothSensitivity :-("
eng	negative	"@jjjaneell yes we should :("
eng	negative	"@guptashas @cquenx We were heartbroken too! :( @Uber_Delhi"
eng	negative	"A chover :("
eng	negative	"i want cebu lechon :("
eng	negative	"my head is killing me :("
eng	negative	"@BABYGVL i want a kitten so badly oh my god :(("
eng	negative	"@Taylorr0se if I sleep, I won't wake up on time :("
eng	negative	"Add my SNAPCHAT : JannyGreen22 #snapchat #kiksex #xxx #seduce #tagsforlikes #nakamaforever #hotels :( http://t.co/K8jYN7SdAL"
eng	negative	"@ellieharveyy it probably your fault he lost his phone :("
eng	negative	"@Glanny_ @soL_Lyah @_wattie I told him to suicide and kill both of you, but you ran away forever :("
eng	negative	"are you mad at me ? what did i do wrong ? :( what should i do to make you forgive me :((("
eng	negative	"@ConnorFranta PLEASE FOLLOW ME CONNO!!!! I'M LATE AGAIN!!! BECAUSE TIME ZONE AND I COULD FREAK OUT THAT YOU NEVER SEE ME!! :("
eng	negative	"@iperfectyonce @justinbieber its my biggest dream can u follow me brooo :(((("
eng	negative	"@elegantxharry I'm a lonely girl from England too :("
eng	negative	"This time last week we were on route to Lovebox :( @MixedGemsBeauty shares her day and the new @CollectionLove prods http://t.co/tChmTf8om4"
eng	negative	"@ashtonboyf IMS OSAD :-("
eng	negative	"I hate breaking out :("
eng	negative	"@Zearify i was in it :("
eng	negative	"@wilywagtail It still happens a lot - unfortunately there are still reports that people are falling for the scam :("
eng	negative	"eric &amp; i made up and he still didn't tell me he loved me :-( fake ass"
eng	negative	"I miss ITB omigod :("
eng	negative	"I need a job and to learn to drive but, my fricken health is putting me back. :("
eng	negative	"@cleanupchick Hi, unfortunately, we're unable to locate your original complaint. :( Pls DM us the product details &amp; we'll get back to you."
eng	negative	"I miss my boyfriend :-("
eng	negative	"@ZappingZach same :-("
eng	negative	"@waniiamira ehem 😏😏 haha ala yeke :( its okay then, have fun in kk! jumpa next time, in ✈️ or 🇺🇸 maybe😋"
eng	negative	"Come home to an empty house and no ape :("
eng	negative	"I've been such a shit bestfriend.:("
eng	negative	"I'm gonna be so inactive next month :("
eng	negative	"Miss :("
eng	negative	"@RebelGirl1323 :( Well try to do something to keep your mind off all the bad things. We're always here for you"
eng	negative	"@ANTHONYFTSIVAN i'VE NEVER SEEN OR FELT SNOW :("
eng	negative	"@TroutAmbush I'm at work :( I can show you once I get home, but during 1.2 I lost my maps by accident and lost my builds"
eng	negative	"@halehydruh i dont know huhu tests kasi namin and i didnt finish my AP test :-("
eng	negative	"Now I want a hot dog :("
eng	negative	"@34_1 no, they rejected section of the UK govt e-petitions site died :("
eng	negative	"I'm so sad. :("
eng	negative	"@zayndrome i cant find it :("
eng	negative	"@remnantsofme Oh no :( What building &amp; suite are you in!?"
eng	negative	"I wanna cut k but I'm with my friends and they threw me a sleepover party :( so I'm pretending to be ok like usual"
eng	negative	"@swcgtbh leave me alone :((("
eng	negative	"praying for you , KHAMIS ... :( ... https://t.co/2Qg4dhxaGg #Kadhafi"
eng	negative	"damn forgot about my hot chocolate :("
eng	negative	"I'm craving Oreos and milk :((((("
eng	negative	"And now that love island has finished I feel like summer has gone :("
eng	negative	"@sugarymgc i miss you :("
eng	negative	"@KrystalHosting Was just about to push a client your way for some hosting. Maybe I had better wait till next week :("
eng	negative	"Im so irking :("
eng	negative	"someone say thank u and goodbye to chris for me tomorrow pls :("
eng	negative	"i need nate ruess' album :("
eng	negative	"I could just really use a hug and maybe some icecream :("
eng	negative	"@ZombieHam There are a lot of good comics events but they all seem to be for kids :( [part of the Schools program]"
eng	negative	"@XFilesNews Looks more like dog food.... :( ugh!"
eng	negative	"I miss you so bad :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( @denniselazaro"
eng	negative	"@fluffyGAB aigoo our baby :("
eng	negative	"Want to watch paper town :-((("
eng	negative	"I just wanna recover :(("
eng	negative	"@deefizzy :-( poor boy"
eng	negative	"@KyraaVazquez u guys are together?? :("
eng	negative	"@gufuus i saw one doujin i think of killua getting fucked by ging i was a bit sad cause it didnt show dicks and i was hoping for ginggon :("
eng	negative	"My computer has broken and i have to wait until to fix it.i miss so much the twitter and you,guys.All my love..:("
eng	negative	"@denisegohemun it feels like ytd :(((((("
eng	negative	"@thebodycoach Joe I'm sick can you come round and make me soup ? :("
eng	negative	"crying :( #PDApaghimok"
eng	negative	"@woIfgaang it's the story of our life :( haha look who's talking"
eng	negative	"@Madrigal_6 I work :( smh"
eng	negative	"why isn't anyone awake :-(("
eng	negative	"@MonsterxStitch ya sorry :-("
eng	negative	"@SP3CTACL3S she's my friend :("
eng	negative	"I used to be so flexible :( http://t.co/fc4NYvnfkb"
eng	negative	"This taxi driver is going really fast and I'm scared :("
eng	negative	"@pamtravel I bet you are wonder what happened :("
eng	negative	"Sheet, its hurt nanaman :("
eng	negative	"Need a small lady to walk over my back. So sore.... :(((("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness i want to meet you :("
eng	negative	"Alex fell asleep :("
eng	negative	"why won't justin come to Scotland :("
eng	negative	"@wajiyaamjad ok I'll write u every week :(("
eng	negative	"@HuaAng75 but I have no curves and my tummy is so big.. How do I get flat abs? :("
eng	negative	"It looks like. :( https://t.co/DgynGEpHuH"
eng	negative	"I feel so sick my stomach hurts all I've done is cried all night I can't sleep :("
eng	negative	"@fyoudontknow WAIT ITS GONE. LITERALLY IT IS :((((("
eng	negative	"@IsaHurairah that's a quote tweet :("
eng	negative	"@dearestdaryl @hjoldr cream pinay pie soup :("
eng	negative	"@yslzaint this one :( http://t.co/s5Dw4o9nvb"
eng	negative	"jadi langsung flasback .. :( "@GGStepit: @crownhyoding dont cry babyy ;(""
eng	negative	"okay i miss you @AnnShela_  :(( http://t.co/So3zOCWfiA"
eng	negative	"@BeaMiller I can not listen to your album because I live in France :((((("
eng	negative	"Some times I like this style :| but now I didn't liked it :( http://t.co/jjSI8VScPL"
eng	negative	"Feel so sick :("
eng	negative	"@thomaslegal By all accounts it is meant to hit us by lunch time :("
eng	negative	"i miss los :(((((("
eng	negative	"Pls stop saying rude nicknames that involve me being short im so sick of yall :("
eng	negative	"@jamesamurao I miss you :("
eng	negative	"@Apink_2011 pls write in english :( i dont understand"
eng	negative	"@lunatroye but snow is cold and gross and ew it's just a big mess because everyone just scrapes it into piles anyway :("
eng	negative	"@maaaybs hey! I went home na. :("
eng	negative	"But I'm still hoping :( #ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26"
eng	negative	"@pinkle_dhesi @HonouredMind no nigga in dallas looks like that :( sale sare bandar varge"
eng	negative	"Hammering down here right now......looks set for the day.....:("
eng	negative	":( vidcon :("
eng	negative	"@youniseabeegale Abby :("
eng	negative	"I feel like crying for no reasons right now :("
eng	negative	"poor them they must be so tired :("
eng	negative	"When ur crazy af so you do this but it hurts so much bc u know that this shit aint real and its just edited :( http://t.co/ajZLTdCzI7"
eng	negative	"You will be forever missed &amp; loved lolo. :("
eng	negative	"@__onlynay xbsbabnb poor you :("
eng	negative	"although my mum asked me to watch it w her… but stillllllllllll :((( she hasn't read it yet SHE'D ASK QUESTIONS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE"
eng	negative	"Working 5 am everyday is exhausting :("
eng	negative	"How did I end up in such a state last night :( :( :( :("
eng	negative	"tbh i prefer apmas14 idk man theres something not right with this years apmas :("
eng	negative	"@hookuptrade can u just give 350 to @RihannaPedia &amp; @HolyHardwell ill give u 350 + 350 Rts or anything pls :("
eng	negative	"@BRATSUNITED @ShutUpPenguin @epiphanichood why did it? Lmao. I only back out if it gets really really serious....:(("
eng	negative	"@FreedomChild3 Had wondered why this has not happened earlier? But then I realized, we don't have the leadership to do it!  :-( #wakeupGOP"
eng	negative	"@LlivingDead91 Ah dude :("
eng	negative	"I wanna take adams candy and eat it :("
eng	negative	"PLEASE watch infinite's mv!!!!!! :("
eng	negative	"Can't believe I was too ill to go to work today. Wish I was there :("
eng	negative	"@cloudljp same :((((( i hate school U DONT UNDERSTAND i missed a LOT i blame school"
eng	negative	"like I can't actually put any pressure on my ankle so I have to hop around the house and I just lost my balance and fell over :("
eng	negative	"Bull shark :( I am so late!!!! Trafficccccccc"
eng	negative	"I miss oscar :("
eng	negative	"@BabySyasya_97 i need translator :("
eng	negative	"@haelic but last time the one was working :( and their fb is gone too? i haven't checked for a long time lol"
eng	negative	"@carterreynolds @hankgreen because you're asian!!!! ummmm or maybe because ur filmed child pornography, slutshamed, faked suicide,ect. :-("
eng	negative	"@LittleMix Poland is not faraway from Germany girls :( I still believe that one day we can meet"
eng	negative	"@ArchieMill98 good on you! I quit my full time job last week and now can't find another one :("
eng	negative	"@theresaninkspot :( Well, the cookies better be worth it"
eng	negative	"@MalcolmInx lmao if I can catch up to the point where I can watch weekly then I'll be ok with that if I make it to 700 &amp; there's 800 eps :("
eng	negative	"@nottswcentre Those cakes look AMAZING! Can't believe I'm missing it! :("
eng	negative	"@angelicaorganic I keep forgetting you're in the area.  :-( but want to visit. Next time xx"
eng	negative	"@BillPolykretis @to_kazanaki makes me want to watch the whole film, then the CGI kicks in (oops, pun) &amp; I start grumbling &amp; turn it off :("
eng	negative	"Seeing delph in another kit upsets me :("
eng	negative	"@Graceaddley24 miss you too :( ! And haha the x's 😂😂 I still remember how u hate them xxxxx"
eng	negative	"#ZaynIsComingBackOnJuly26 this is not funny :((((("
eng	negative	"@harrypusspuss @ThePinkLaptop @toninicho We're allowed a cheat MEAL :("
eng	negative	"have fun in Osaka, super junior!! :( it would be lovely to watch their comeback stage though"
eng	negative	"@ParkSooyoungie @_allypasturan @gbrllx aytona? hala guys get ready na mathird wheel :(( jkjk"
eng	negative	"Worst day ever :( #pain# ..."
eng	negative	"can only backtrack 3 hours :( .... it's time to start actually utilizing these lists"
eng	negative	"so i have to survive another week without my phone :("
eng	negative	"i wish :( https://t.co/H8nYlHaQOo"
eng	negative	"pats jay : ("
eng	negative	"@4ndypyro sad story broh :("
eng	negative	"@shayftcolleen uh I was asleep :("
eng	negative	"I need my boyfriend rn but he won't answer my callllllls :("
eng	negative	"@laylaharden The Icarus 500 awning unfortunately won't fit the 600 size :("
eng	negative	"2 bach :( https://t.co/dPRNCcNEZd"
eng	negative	"6 days left :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness please baby follow me :((("
eng	negative	"there's nothing to do :-("
eng	negative	"I can't feel tomorrow :("
eng	negative	"No give work again your old staff come police later my be court.  I look another job.  :(  bye bye."
eng	negative	"@genrentuk with landlords like @RichardBenyonMP as MP's though that's not going to be easy? :-("
eng	negative	"looking at old photos and getting sad :("
eng	negative	"@londonbakes oh no :( hope everything is okay."
eng	negative	"@MrsAnneTwist @Argos_Online @macmillancancer i want i want i want you to follow me i want i want i want but that's crazy :( please love!(:♡♡"
eng	negative	"@WatchThatAnime @DigiWorks78 @eckoxsoldier its bullshit :("
eng	negative	"!! NUGGETS AND FRIES !! :-(("
eng	negative	"Love Warrior :-("
eng	negative	"@izzy_sainz but too tired to eat :("
eng	negative	"daming assignment :("
eng	negative	"I'm watching gossip girl and its making me so sad :("
eng	negative	"@Wufanited tomorrow :((("
eng	negative	"I still really miss my purple hair tie :( https://t.co/pqBSDisZQa"
eng	negative	"i can't deal with this match unless ishii just fucks everything up :("
eng	negative	"Clara and Yiling left me :("
eng	negative	"@bae_ts WHATEVER STIL L YOUNG &gt;:-("
eng	negative	"last chance :("
eng	negative	"@CelestialZephyr SAME :("
eng	negative	"is it just me or does it look like she cried? it looks like she cried a bit :("
eng	negative	"@S1dharthM Come online and follow people :/ What z wrong in me?! Y do u ignore me Sidharth?!?!! :( :("
eng	negative	"@TotallyWonwooed lol, i'm too lazy to learn ps :(((("
eng	negative	"don't sleep. I'm here : ("
eng	negative	"Bad day???:-("
eng	negative	"Tagal :("
eng	negative	"@vlamhlongovic Oh no Ndabenhle :-( Please let us know why you feel this way? ^SA"
eng	negative	"I've got one poorly doggy :("
eng	negative	"Reply please antagal :("
eng	negative	"@CrabbyCrabsBB Windows 7 here :("
eng	negative	"@Miss_J_Hart @staffrm well, I'm only on P.41 &amp; 8 pages of notes thus far :-( and I've read twice before"
eng	negative	"i want all of kylie jenners clothes :("
eng	negative	"@SkyHelpTeam yes unfortunately I am, I have done the whole troubleshooting of the box too and I'm still having issues :("
eng	negative	"I miss those convo's so bad damn :("
eng	negative	"Dem free tix to Big Bang concert :("
eng	negative	"@TinyKyrus So youre not gonna guess whats inside my box? :((("
eng	negative	"@marlenejazmyne idk :-( maybe because I think boobs are more fun to play with"
eng	negative	"jahat :( https://t.co/k1MWoiqBiy"
eng	negative	"@Teeena232 We're sorry about this :( You'll no longer be able to access the site as you'll automatically be redirected to your local site."
eng	negative	"i was mad at gigi in my dream because we were hanging out and she didnt want to talk to me :( @GiGiHadid"
eng	negative	"carter: I don't deserve this hate :( me: and i don't deserve just a single corn chip? I deserve two corn chips?"
eng	negative	"@BeingJahirShah nnnoooo!!! Cz he's not a daddy gorilla anymore... :("
eng	negative	"I still have over 6 hours of work left omg :("
eng	negative	"@bastiani_matteo @sophiescott do you have a link? I missed HBM :("
eng	negative	"Freaking humidity!! I think I never get used to it even I'm 100% Japanese. :("
eng	negative	"School works :("
eng	negative	":( I can no longer admire the consistency of Jason Shackell's hair on the @NoNayNeverNet podcast http://t.co/T9rpuLyb5u"
eng	negative	"I envy those people who get to meet and have a picture with Laura, Taylor, Lana, etc. They're so lucky to meet my babies :("
eng	negative	"I want both of this sa bday ko :( :( :( ^_^ ^_^ &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice me gonna spam u till u follow me baby"
eng	negative	"MY kik - twers782 #kik #kikhorny #lesbian #hornykik #girls #countrymusic #hornykik :( http://t.co/JYkCJdEdDP"
eng	negative	"I need hug :("
eng	negative	"No words can explain how much i miss you. Hope you know that.  :( @zaynmalik"
eng	negative	"oh gfriend is performing rn? :("
eng	negative	"@GZTAEHUN ok :-( i only have my d &amp; w hahaahahahaha"
eng	negative	"@Worthless_Bums SM1 wasn't that bad. I mean, I only got mutilated by a robot that shot through a wall I didn't know could be destroyed...&gt;:("
eng	negative	"@soorjugn dare :("
eng	negative	"Good morning, Twitter friends! Hope you all have an amazing day! So freakin tired, need more sleep :("
eng	negative	"😢 "@ haestarr: i’m just :(( http://t.co/FY8LWoZmob""
eng	negative	"@Citadel_Hoju @Citadel_Carry @StubsAU @Citadel_Jimz I wish I was there to help :("
eng	negative	"@junior_jones it was good as always 😀Flying back today though :("
eng	negative	"Why do I need to have a car that functions as a car :("
eng	negative	"I wish Twitter would support audio recordings. I would send yall snippets, these are amazing :("
eng	negative	"Et Brotherhood of Steel ? :( https://t.co/3qH5rrf0xs"
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice mefd"
eng	negative	"Missing Diana :("
eng	negative	"The master @GodfreyElfwick has figured out how to turn led into gold, we're doomed :( @Meteoryan"
eng	negative	"i want to pull an all nighter but i'm so sleepy already :("
eng	negative	"All I ever wanna do is sleeep :( but they won't let mee"
eng	negative	"Oh am I not allowed to vote for the teen choice awards?? :(( It said I'm out of the area"
eng	negative	"all I want is for my icon to be a selfie of Jack and I :(("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice meowkd"
eng	negative	"Twitter is turning so much complicated. Can't find the trends now. :("
eng	negative	"@CandySalvatore you're right. I'm very tired :( good night my Ally. I love you ❤️"
eng	negative	"@wise_bryann 😂 I wish I had the channel to watch it :( I usually watch it online but I don't have a laptop anymore:/"
eng	negative	"@oreaux_ rude :("
eng	negative	"Again, I would just want people to understand your busy, daily schedule 😞 c'mon, guys. I barely even get 5 hours of sleep :-("
eng	negative	":((( no they killed him"
eng	negative	"I think shes busy :("
eng	negative	"Swimmer's ear kasi :("
eng	negative	"What do you want for your bday? Answer please — Idk leh :( :b http://t.co/EQxpxjoYB9"
eng	negative	"@Preeti_GG @TheGautamGulati yeahhh ...:( tht corner will b remembered always only coz of gg...:( n bb didnot show ths clip in episode:("
eng	negative	"@robertsammons it's released online but not on the album that I know of :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice me h"
eng	negative	"😂😂😂thank you San😀"@__Zanele: I wanna change my avi but uSanele :(""
eng	negative	"@NathanDitum @corbynjokes Sad day for Nathan :("
eng	negative	"@Haydenwellsss @JoshWalker93 noo sad times :( Ruby will have to replace you as the shuffling act"
eng	negative	"i got so excited when micha rt or fave my tweet why am i such a creep :-( @japhantrash"
eng	negative	"Does anyone wanna be my friend, i'm just a lonely girl from England who is bored as hell throughout the summer holidays.. :("
eng	negative	"Home alone again :("
eng	negative	"Whose idea was it to ave TRIPLE business lectures on a Friday afternoon from 2-5? :("
eng	negative	"Until when? :("
eng	negative	"@fvvxkk that's a damn lie :("
eng	negative	"@fubarpops I'm not allowed to give blood :("
eng	negative	"@Jurisprude1 Then about six months ago, bottom jaw, second tooth from the back broke a quarter... on all things, chewing gum! :("
eng	negative	"how did i go to sleep at 12 last night but rn im up :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice me"
eng	negative	"@rebeccalowrie No, it's not just you.  Twitter have decided to take that feature away :-("
eng	negative	"@golden_kimono I'm okay, just tired and I planned to go out today but it's raining :( how are you?"
eng	negative	"@CNET Thats why they been pushing emoji, I give Sony five  :-(  :-(  :-(  :-( :-(  :-("
eng	negative	"@AaronCarpenter is it too late? :( #Followmeaaron"
eng	negative	"@exobab1es tzelumxoxo ! I dont really used line because is at my ipod :-(((( i used whatsapp more actually !!!"
eng	negative	"@Mursano buy me something to drank then cause we have nothing :("
eng	negative	"i slept all day and now i can't sleep :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness  :-( please notice mew"
eng	negative	"@jhapaliMailo , some people :(( How r  u?"
eng	negative	"@SMARTCares it wasn't indicated on the SMS I received. :("
eng	negative	"@__onlynay you got regular :(((("
eng	negative	"My KIK : oulive70748 #kik #kikmenow #photo #babe #loveofmylife #brasileirao #viernesderolenahot :( http://t.co/GmmwD4PrhU"
eng	negative	"@kewlaf I feel u :("
eng	negative	"Longmorn 30 y.o. supposed to be a replacement to Tobermory 32 y.o. but... Beginning is strong, tail is missing :( http://t.co/NZ8zUhrA3F"
eng	negative	"Waiting for love me recuerda tanto a Bath :(("
eng	negative	"@HendersJuliet where has the sun gone?? :("
eng	negative	"He dies in the movie :("
eng	negative	"@OhHeyItsAJ Shit.. I suggest na suck it up muna :( I know its hard, but being a nurse is more important right?"
eng	negative	"@Sk37cHi :( what’s the issue?!"
eng	negative	"hrryok: the fact that harry still hold his mom’s hand :( :( :( http://t.co/RZbFA247f8"
eng	negative	"And the much awaited excitement is all down now! going to be a boring friday and weekend :("
eng	negative	":( why am I not asleep"
eng	negative	"baby :( http://t.co/ZbKfVPUCqm"
eng	negative	"HP and The Cursed Child. Not a book but a Play. :( http://t.co/QYfioHfctx @robertsycho @crystalkaye01 @AngeloGrona @hyashley"
eng	negative	"When ur crazy af and u want to hurt urslef by editing stuff lime this and u know this shit aint real :( 😭 http://t.co/5li6OFp24x"
eng	negative	"@Hannahphern3lia oMG WE R THE SAME HAHAH :(( omg debut mo na next year :((("
eng	negative	"I wish I could meet the boys one day :("
eng	negative	"@Julia886 I try not to keep it in the house any more. Used to buy truckloads but not doing miss 13 any favours, so no more :("
eng	negative	"This is it :-("
eng	negative	"some of the best spectator sailing UK this w'end but BBC just showing highlights :( ‘flying’ foiling AC45 catamarans http://t.co/p4n34Djjuw"
eng	negative	"@chris_shak if it was you maybe but its not :("
eng	negative	"GUYS add my KIK - pely829 #kik #kikmenow #fuck #model #amateur #elfindelmundo #sextaatequemfimseguesdvcomvalentino :( http://t.co/S8cATQRzew"
eng	negative	"@bravefrontiergl could you pls take care of the servers befor you send that? We have no value in it, as long as we can't get in :("
eng	negative	"@KathrynLNewton my lovely baby, sweet cinnamon you are the best :("
eng	negative	"Comfort me. :("
eng	negative	"MTAP tomorrow which means I have to sleep early tonight. :-("
eng	negative	"penge bestfriend :( #PSYGustoKita"
eng	negative	"@zoullgab Frozen bagus emang? :("
eng	negative	"@LucyAndLydia I wish I could dm you cute things :( (preferably cute kittens and puppies)"
eng	negative	"@thejcenaligway I still have to get a paper from engg then go back to cmc then OUR before maging okay :(("
eng	negative	"that's kind of a dumb statement because who LIKES moodswings?? it's like making a tweet saying "I hate terminal diseases :(" like wow unique"
eng	negative	"@Velocentric Slow news day! :-("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness @JayMcGuiness :-( please notice men"
eng	negative	"@ikoimoy you should have watched with us :("
eng	negative	"Regret and regret :(("
eng	negative	"Even though I have seen the whole of Peep Show multiple times, nothing could have prepared me for Netflix removing series 1 -7... why :("
eng	negative	"@ASUS_ROGUK @OC3D That's what she said! .... :("
eng	negative	"@jehyop is there any other way for me to get the bandana?:(("
eng	negative	"@j13ssk Hi there, oh no :( Let's take a look at this for you, please chat to us here http://t.co/otFGtFoeyF"
eng	negative	"that sad moment when u r leaving in two days :("
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness @JayMcGuiness :-( please notice mef"
eng	negative	"Did your rebound run away already??? POOOOOOOOOR YOU :(((((("
eng	negative	"@taarang lol we did it at 2am last night. My face though? People think I'm perpetually pissed off or sad b/c of my resting bitchface. :("
eng	negative	"@CllrPeterSarris :-( @ missing all the fun"
eng	negative	"@JayMcGuiness @JayMcGuiness :-( please notice me z"
eng	negative	"Only a few people have wished my birthday. :("
eng	negative	"@taoya_suzaku :( The world is awful."
eng	negative	"@StayChill69 I Let You Down And Now I Feel Like Complete Shit. :("
eng	negative	"@KristyBookNerd Uh huh :( Two times, because I'm super clever like that"
eng	negative	"@__onlynay :( bitch you really went?"
eng	negative	"When fave unfollows :(😩💖 @itisfurny http://t.co/hoVQLoKtIg"
eng	negative	"I really want to visit iceland :("
eng	negative	"#Zayn_Come_Back_We_Miss_You &lt;3 &lt;3 :( SO MUCH @zaynmalik"
eng	negative	"Starving :-("
eng	negative	"@0PlATE bc I am feeling very creepy today :  )  // pmsl. mianhe, milkeu :("
eng	negative	"I wanna meet the boys :("
eng	negative	"the internet is being a total bitch : ("
eng	negative	"lrT bambam likes those sodas too :((( we were meant to be :(((("
eng	negative	"1 More :(  https://t.co/PPuufIZNb3"
eng	negative	"i wish i could go shopping but my whole weekend is taken up :(( it's annoying"
eng	negative	"the people i usually stay up with are all asleep wtf :("
eng	negative	"@_Jazdorothy cheer up :-("
eng	negative	"@isakigoboom Payback for liking your videos and trying to help you get kit kats? :("
eng	negative	"I'm not even tired :-("
eng	negative	"So no one about to come smoke with me? :("
eng	negative	"87000 jobee delivery pls :("
eng	negative	"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BES! @mahhriel_114 Enjoy your day beb. I love you! Miss you sooooo muchie :( See you soon sana! 💞🎈🎂🎉😘 http://t.co/c5ooBR6OV9"
eng	negative	"CUTIE :((( http://t.co/XLVw7xaYSi"
eng	negative	"always fall asleep so early when I'm texting someone :("
eng	negative	"@Uber_BLR All it says is 'No IceCream available' :("
eng	negative	"@annarlonsdale When she asked to go to the bathroom :-( I'm really enjoying the show though."
eng	negative	"i lagg so much on certain people :("
eng	negative	"I need to clear my head :("
eng	negative	"my baby went back to sleep &amp; now I'm bored :-("
eng	negative	"ughh i got nothing but pain :("
eng	negative	"Laper banget !! :("
eng	negative	"Naw :( Deep Dreamed my novel hoping there'd be invisible page beasts scuttling around but there's just worm tracks http://t.co/feTHZT8bfs"
eng	negative	"bauuuuuuuukkk :("
eng	negative	"@siwon407 too bad you guys cant attend today's Music Bank :("
eng	negative	"worried :-((((((((((("
eng	negative	"“@TheShoeBibles: Its mine.... http://t.co/I9rRNjyvUq” damnnn fineeeeeeeee omaigoshhhhhhh can I have you :(((("
eng	negative	"They didn't care that I was a Muslim :("
eng	negative	"@sneaksontaylor no it's not :("
eng	negative	"When Jessica calls and quits on power abs at 5:15 :-("
eng	negative	"She lost us, her friends... :( she's the one who started the argument."
eng	negative	"@MsMeghanMakeup hope you're having fun at vidcon!! rlly bummed i couldnt go :(( love you sunshine 💛💛💛💛"
eng	negative	"@iTaimikhan yepp.. I'm getting bore :("
eng	negative	"last night was so good :( 😺💒💎🎉"
eng	negative	"@PrinceOfRnbZJM Can you follow me ? :("
eng	negative	"feelin ' Sick :(("
eng	negative	"If you want a biscuit slathered in chocolate, it's definitely taxed. Boo. :("
eng	negative	"From our investigations the answer is 'no'. Especially when the pups die within the free insurance period :( https://t.co/ZZRf0jKCeH"
eng	negative	"@1010hoshi1010 it jsut ended, :("
eng	negative	"My heart hurts real bad :("
eng	negative	"@QPSmedia how awful :("
eng	negative	"FOLLOW ME PLS!:( @tommophoebe"
eng	negative	"But if I'm being realistic....  :("
eng	negative	"my beloved grandmother : ( https://t.co/wt4oXq5xCf"
eng	negative	"I am not a happy Princess today :( sighs  But I will get some work done  X ~ Purple Princess Edits ~"
eng	negative	"Babeeeee :((( you're so demn hotaisndonwyvauwjoqhsjsnaihsuswtf https://t.co/kWwv5Grny7"
eng	negative	"something wrong :("
eng	negative	"No words can explain the way i missing you :((("
eng	negative	"I think need 2 years training to beat the record sia :("
eng	negative	"Nirame ya geng :( (with fikri, Anna, and 6 others at Tirtagangga Hotel) — https://t.co/46fL7vHiL3"
eng	negative	"Char im really sick :(( one *font size 8* minion float *font size 12* for the sick kid pls :(("
eng	negative	"bestfriend like Ed plsss :("
eng	negative	"#RIPRishikeshwari. Your soul rest in peace. :("
eng	negative	"@Herreraholic no I don't :(. I just unfollowed like 300 people cause following over 1k people was difficult"
eng	negative	"when you don't have enough time to listen to all your artists' music :-("
eng	negative	"Take me to ice creamist pleaseeeee!:("
eng	negative	"@missellabell No. And it's always going to be a terrible time. :("
eng	negative	"@The5BallOver @Radio702 :-( It's not a challenge though. Please check our FB page for entries and rather do a substitution. Thanks!"
eng	negative	"I can't even see Hyungwon :("
eng	negative	"@hyungwons_ tELL HIM TO PLS EAT MORE :-((("
eng	negative	"@CHEDA_KHAN Thats life. I get calls from people I havent seen in 20 years and its always favours : ("
eng	negative	"@havemym0ney omg :( every time I would complain about my skin to my mom she was all "everyone gets pimples" like NO they don't. although she"
eng	negative	"#letsFootball #atk greymind43: BREAKING NEWS: Chris Gayle says he will be out of cricket for 2-3 months due to back surgery. :( #CPLT20 #CP…"
eng	negative	"i miss hannah montana and that's so raven sooo much :-((("
eng	negative	"@ruy9n_ i want to rt :("
eng	negative	"@pipsuxx is he gonna be okay i love him :("
eng	negative	"@DeviousLiz awh :-( 💙 but you have to stay 💪"
eng	negative	"Last full night in Greece :( @ OPUS Inner Pleasure https://t.co/poglAQg9sJ"
eng	negative	"@OXITS very disappointing to hear this, especially have just invested in one :-("
eng	negative	"@Bobwilson1955 yes :( but we have a BBQ to attend"
eng	negative	"@nicababess it didn't work :( http://t.co/aQzxRk7nk2"
eng	negative	"Three 190s in a row?! Where is my 33 :("
eng	negative	"My throat hurts so bad what do I do? :("
eng	negative	"Lolliver!!!!! :("
eng	negative	"Im watching disney channel by myself :("
eng	negative	"Nobody is picking the one on the right :("
eng	negative	"Can someone gift me :( #CalibraskaEP I NEED IT SO BAD"
eng	negative	"Lol just got split so hard. Lol single single split collat spilt single single spilt single split single single collat. :("
eng	negative	"i hope you feel better, jay. :("
eng	negative	"@2baconil  Yes many times :( .#QuitKarwaoYaaro"
eng	negative	"STU DEACTİVATED :("
eng	negative	"@JabongIndia very disappointed :( never ever been lucky from your handle. #JabongatPumaUrbanStampede"
eng	negative	"@ysmael85 hello !!! i need 2.5 off g2a code pls :("
eng	negative	"THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS THESIS  SHEREP NEMEN NG BEHEY KE :("
eng	negative	"Should i deactivate my acc? :( #OTWOLGrandTrailer"
eng	negative	"@misses0wl still sad that they kicked out the epic motherfucker :("
eng	negative	"I really want another tattoo :("
eng	negative	"someone get mads a reece vm tomorrow please!!!! she's never had one :("
eng	negative	"Deth Deth Dont Leave Me :("
eng	negative	"@Sakib_ovi so true :-("
eng	negative	"let's go for #더쇼 cast your vote for #GOT7 today @SBS_MTV   :(((((((((((((((((((((((("
eng	negative	"Can someone hug me pls? :(((((("
eng	negative	"@eyeammarkk omg :( not gonna happen , yeah we wish.."
eng	negative	"@parisianskies :( at lest you have the GP to get you through it ^_^"
eng	negative	"@nambooti aww :( catch them at the departure then!"
eng	negative	"@98_madhvi_tommo  it apparently isnt :("
eng	negative	"@SensodyneIndia i miss those days :( #ToothSensitivity."
eng	negative	"@natalieegiselle it's unavailable now :("
eng	negative	"@i_am_mill_i_am you mean we can't wipe them out? :-("
eng	negative	"Just found out my flight home is 13 hours long :((((((("
eng	negative	"@oIiverfelicitys UGH YUCK :( make sure you rest the next two days then"
eng	negative	"@carissakenga omg so sad then on your birthday sorry i didnt send something ystrday ill do it later cuz i dont have my phone now :((("
eng	negative	"seolhyun isnt in these first eps because shes filming a drama :(("
eng	negative	"@NZRR_S3 sorry :("
eng	negative	"I always get like 5 4-piece spicy nuggets :("
eng	negative	"im sooo hungry though :("
eng	negative	"thigh cramps :-("
eng	negative	"To my fellow morning owls, surely you have noticed the sun already rising a bit later...sign that winter is coming :( http://t.co/4OU2EyPh8A"
eng	negative	"Nowhere near being tired :("
eng	negative	"Too hot :("
eng	negative	"@mari_suunn dude :( I'm scared lol"
eng	negative	"Raining the whole day in Mumbai. Don’t feel like working at all. :("
eng	negative	"Best get me and my little lady out of our pj's need to go wallpaper for me mom :( really cba today"
eng	negative	"@farhainismail_ yes pls far i need it :("
eng	negative	"didn't even know it could get hotter than this fml :("
eng	negative	"@JaydnNeal1 Aw bless you, this made me smile! I'm missing you too :("
eng	negative	"Hi,life :("
eng	negative	"@pledis_17 I was not in the mood the whole day :-("
eng	negative	"Almost done with parks and rec :( lol"
eng	negative	"@zaynmalik are u coming back? :("
eng	negative	"@lplatten Hi there, we're sorry to hear this :( Log in here: http://t.co/76lov3ArFc you'll be able to see all the information you need."
eng	negative	"goTDAMN  :-( http://t.co/KkPDlQZ2F4"
eng	negative	"I want my phone baaack :((("
eng	negative	"@ZozeeBo BE HONEST. do you miss Dubai? because Dubai misses you and we want you to come back :("
eng	negative	"We finally get Star Driver in SRW and it's a mobage :("
eng	negative	"being sad for no reason sucks because u dunno how to stop being sad so u just gotta chill in ur room and listen to music &amp; b alone :("
eng	negative	"If you have streaming passes for Melon, please stream as much as you can. #인피니트 's Digitals are so #Bad :("
eng	negative	"snapchat - JannyGreen18 #snapchat #kiksex #hot #teen #lgbt #goodmusic #sexcams :( http://t.co/dbwmKuR3HK"
eng	negative	"@guy_interruptd Aw :( *strokes*"
eng	negative	"@OzzyOsbourne @Slash I first saw GnR opening for Alice Cooper before they were famous. We partied backstage; no Alice r Slash. :("
eng	negative	"tagged by @asabianglala ♡ i'm sorry i have A LOT of music so you prolly don't know half of it :( also @SaikyoRyouT http://t.co/AcXikXwfcI"
eng	negative	"24 hours not enough :("
eng	negative	"@FurretTails awww poor bunny. :("
eng	negative	"Stress let me go. :("
eng	negative	"@NicoIrishNews i wish for bloopers :(((("
eng	negative	"@roguebassjst no no i love u most and fuck i know :("
eng	negative	"@twinklingwatson yeah :("
eng	negative	"@paigecardona $20 is nothing though :("
eng	negative	"@GeorgiaAnne1998 Aww I've already left!! I would have come and said hey if I had have seen it sooner :( Have a good night! X"
eng	negative	"@QjQj_Kwon How weird :( ^^"
eng	negative	"Sr. Financial Analyst - Expedia, Inc.: (#Bellevue, WA) http://t.co/ktknMhvwCI #Finance #ExpediaJobs #Job #Jobs #Hiring"
eng	negative	"seriously :("
eng	negative	"Tried to make prison style alcohol, failed badly and ended up with a massive dose of the shits.... :("
eng	negative	"not fair he still looks so cute how :("
eng	negative	"@imdanielpadilla hi!!!!!! love u :( :("
eng	negative	"Overly attached. :(((("
eng	negative	"I.M's voice :( lord help"
eng	negative	"i want that bandana and bottle set huhuh :(("
eng	negative	"I can't sleep bc heartburn :-("
eng	negative	"Meet Steven @ the only kid who listens to me :( https://t.co/WL0Dtzg3J1"
eng	negative	"I'm so fucking jealous of everyone on holiday :("
eng	negative	"Terrible thing about doin yoga or working out. Once you stopped and start again...awalmu njareeeeem :("
eng	negative	"Nooooooooo her last day is today :("
eng	negative	"I care about Maggie but she is a psycho bitch I want to kill myself and take a two day vacation off twitter :( wahhh"
eng	negative	"Really not looking forward to work tonight though :("
eng	negative	"I miss abudhabi :("
eng	negative	"Going home blues this am :-( but back on MONDAY #hibye for social action plans @Herts1617 #ShareYourSummer http://t.co/7pJJ9q5v7z"
eng	negative	"Being a pro soccer play would be so cool :("
eng	negative	"@MaddyyOR @TreqEu i Wish But b8 Too Strong :("
eng	negative	"Hey girl you must.be a dairy produxt because I want you but I can't have you I am lactose intolerant. :("
eng	negative	"@ITVCentral #Midlands Yes thanks for the depressing weather forecast, where the word 'rain' was mentioned several times :-("
eng	negative	"Why am I crying?! :("
eng	negative	"@emergingrecruit @_RobLong You'll be this old one day..... :("
eng	negative	"literally spent all day yesterday sleeping on and off in bed, and I'm still absolutely fucking knackered today :(("
eng	negative	"this new Sandra Bland footage is really the icing on the cake.. heartbreaking how they dragged her lifeless body from the police car :("
eng	negative	"i knowwwww :( https://t.co/KHkzmeS7kF"
eng	negative	"@shellbryson We're sorry you feel this way Shell :( We regularly review our pricing to offer the best we can."
eng	negative	"@jess_lakeland Sorry to hear this Jess :( The quickest way is to call +44 7782 333 333 or we can add this to your account within 72 hours:"
eng	negative	"Pengen boxing :( (at @golds_indonesia) — https://t.co/qXG4UNA4Fn"
eng	negative	"@Tanyastan4nicki girlll did u hear abt the possibly tsunami for us in West Indies?? Im in my island im afraid lol :(("
eng	negative	"@mxchelleebabes I don't have you on snap :("
eng	negative	"@BacheloretteABC @kaitlynbristowe would love to see her w/Nick but if she picks no one I waisted TV time. &amp; they never work out anyway. :("
eng	negative	"Hulk Hogan in the news for a racial tirade :( I thought he couldnt stoop lower than his role in Thunder in Paradise http://t.co/vd0z6x8t8g"
eng	negative	"SORRY FOR FORGETTING THIS VERY IMPORTANT DAY HUHU FIGHT ME IM SO SO SO SORRY :("
eng	negative	"Breaking the habit of a lifetime... I'm about to play a Call of Duty game.. :("
eng	negative	"I apologize for annoying you so much on snapchat :( @JoshDevineDrums"
eng	negative	"Adults just take all the things too serious. Really miss when I was kid :("
eng	negative	".@aylesburyowl @ljam185 The facade of democracy has dropped so quickly :("
eng	negative	"@Meem_Hye I am a confused brat. :("
eng	negative	"Someone come over and I'll make popcorn and watch movies just pls cuddle me :("
eng	negative	"Finally home. Been driving since 5am :("
eng	negative	"@___mew2 tb in mr o's class :("
eng	negative	"@desiboy34783 @ArianaTorGlam Bade fursat se usey banaya hai usey uppar waale ney. Afsos humse dur hai wo :("
eng	negative	"@esp__132 oh really :( i saw a few gif posts and some had seen really happy about it, but maybe it's people who'd be happy with any naruhina"
eng	negative	"@Errata_0 you can't :("
eng	negative	"@hausofbekah @JudasDiamonds Thats an English nameeee :(( Haiqal isnt an English name but you remember him"
eng	negative	"@GFuelEnergy i want that but i dont have paypal :("
eng	negative	"And that's how my 360hrs of "summer" ends..... HUHUHU I WILL MISS PICC A LOT :((((("
eng	negative	"my heart hurts :("
eng	negative	"@nextofficial my instore card expired in June &amp; I havent been sent a new one :("
eng	negative	"@loyalistofSoShi MCountdown pre-voting is begin, we are at 5th place :("
eng	negative	"I felt bad when Irene forgot what she was going to say :("
eng	negative	"@flrsbea wow that's great! What's your username? :("
eng	negative	"Minho  still injured  ,, :( ,, get well Oppa  we miss you &lt;3"
eng	negative	"@za5 they can't even deliver ice cream. I tried twice, all the ice cream vans are busy :("
eng	negative	"i want durian strudel :(."
eng	negative	"VIDCON :(("
eng	negative	"GUYS add me on SNAPCHAT - AmargoLonnard #snapchat #kikmeboys #sexy #french #dirtykik #newmusic #sexcams :( http://t.co/TXdc692SgB"
eng	negative	"@Glassyskyx u change u say i change tsk :("
eng	negative	"Damn.. I wish I could just sleep :("
eng	negative	"Like why did you have to join the marines? :-("
eng	negative	"I'm sad yall thought it was real :("
eng	negative	"@annnalucz i'm not going :( kailan ba? may tix ka?"
eng	negative	"@Tinkering_Love you've already killed me tho. :("
eng	negative	"Hotel for Dogs was pretty sad too where the brother &amp; sister got separated :("
eng	negative	"Missing that cute someone la!! :("
eng	negative	"PAYDAY, but feels like payhour as its all gone to my bills immediately :("
eng	negative	"@Oduun_ lmao :( most natural hair I've seen is ugly I swear"
eng	negative	"@_MeKeLe_ @YogscastLewis Nope :( Best place to get it first is to pre-order on Amazon: http://t.co/fZRCI1xONv"
eng	negative	"@jobhopjulie I was there on the Sunday for a little while.  Not been able to get up much this year, busy :( all looked great tho!"
eng	negative	"@aurorakween you don't fwm :("
eng	negative	"@ShellyBarker123 what's wrong?:(("
eng	negative	"I miss my guppy. :-("
eng	negative	"@Cramdaline It just doesn't go away... you must go to the dentist. :( #poorKid"
eng	negative	"@denocte Thanks - lack of time is a problem, isn't it :("
eng	negative	"When you get misunderstood :("
eng	negative	"when ur cat is super nice and cuddly but then suddenly scratches and tries to bite :(   like who can i trust anymore"
eng	negative	"I hit my thumb :(."
eng	negative	"@iloveksoo we almost got to see his cute ankles but his socks :("
eng	negative	"@bravefrontiergl Honestly at this point I don't care about compensation. I just want to be able to play BF again. :("
eng	negative	"@dnwrld that song is not on here :("
eng	negative	"@CourtneyR_Green awwwww my baby :( 💕"
eng	negative	"I couldn't sleep last night n it didn't help me waking up at 8 this morning n my phone wasn't even charged :("
eng	negative	"@ZozeeBo @TanyaBurr please can you tell everyone why you didnt go to vidcon :("
eng	negative	"I need to like, tell myself na, na okay lang :(((("
eng	negative	"@Laraibmufc follow back :("
eng	negative	"my heart is currently torturing itself :( lol wat"
eng	negative	"@CallmeHaRsh female student killed in some caste love kirkiri :("
eng	negative	"I've run out of bread and I don't feel well enough to make any. :("
eng	negative	"I had a dream of you :( https://t.co/OZdMHNQbSU"
eng	negative	"@UyyChristopher :( Broken hearted? That's just a phase. Don't worry, you can do it!!"
eng	negative	"stop being sour :( it doesn't suit you 😂💞 https://t.co/nJ0ziQ14is"
eng	negative	"wonho reminds me of someone &gt;:( i just cant put my finger to it"
eng	negative	"@Coles45Coles   wont be in work today, feel so ill :( i have a tummy bug xx"
eng	negative	"Last day on the beach :-(:-(:-(.... http://t.co/oqo9F7FQs9"
eng	negative	"RAIN :("
eng	negative	"@yezzer Visual Studio 2015? it just got out. switched to it already and broke a lot of code :("
eng	negative	"@MTNza seriously this is unfair some are not asking questions! There are ready to answer and win :( ='(  while we busy asking questions!!"
eng	negative	"Mission bear: failed again :("
eng	negative	":-( ugly af :-( https://t.co/bHIXkuNqPS"
eng	negative	"PAP of your spirit animal? — no i dont have :( http://t.co/0UvPRQnvGl"
eng	negative	"I totally ship #danzell, I'm crafting that I can't go to vidcon, I would sell my soul to the devil to just get a hug from Dan and Phil. :("
eng	negative	"@annajudithk Because they hate me | :("
eng	negative	"@NUFC_Vine he's gona miss Sheff Utd/York probably waiting for a visa which leaves gim with 1 friendly. Bet he starts season on the bench :("
eng	negative	"@ranaPTX_ BUT WHO WILL LEAD US WHEN YOU'RE GONE :(("
eng	negative	"@LottyStorer @charliee_catlin 😂😩😩 what a mess :("
eng	negative	"@twinitisha irony is its more harmful .. :("
eng	negative	"@DollyyDaydreams I miss you so much more :( xxx"
eng	negative	"no motivation :("
eng	negative	"@LiLGeekette but that is the point. Because it is YOLO I sort of die when lactose is in me... Ugh like 3 months pregnant bloating :("
eng	negative	"@lovetartan Really sorry I cant find the image you have mentioned :("
eng	negative	"Im not getting ollys tweet notifications :("
eng	negative	"going home tomorrow :-("
eng	negative	"Too bad I'm poor :( https://t.co/FohWp4P0NN"
eng	negative	"@Glanny_ @RohYB_ @_wattie your team killed me :("
eng	negative	"@MattElyas no way!! :("
eng	negative	"i'm so inactive :("
eng	negative	":( the world where alternis kills himself is really sad because they leave that place and everyone there just has to die"
eng	negative	"is everyone gonna be talking abt rat boy today bc :(("
eng	negative	"Why on earth did I assume it wouldn't rain in London? Most likely influenced by overall warm and dry past weeks in continental Europe :("
eng	negative	"I remember when Fab Four had a 24 hour call, Damn I miss that so much :("
eng	negative	"@dongvvoo1122 😀🔫 r u sure u want that b r u h we barely survive w them in tank tops :(("
eng	negative	"so thirsty :(("
eng	negative	"@Adam_Bhatti what is a konami policy about PES PC version ?! what happen ?! why all Version are not same ?! :((("
eng	negative	"@AmericanFujoshi doesn't have the sound effects :("
eng	negative	"I Blame Rantie For All Of This :("
eng	negative	"@BlatBlatKLANG ummmm ok?  this is a new development :("
eng	negative	"You guys are never on :( — Aw sorry we're really bust atm.. Shall be back soon http://t.co/YHfZFhLCgr"
eng	negative	"@ddlovato @Vevo bad :( I don't like it. This video is  too many perverse."
eng	negative	"first time to go to school without my bracelets :(( it feels odd"
eng	negative	"I can't fall back asleep :("
eng	negative	"@ayyedolans IM NOT UNTIL THE TWINS FOLLOW ME BACK BYLFNNZ :("
eng	negative	"@PulkitSamrat @yamigautam that is unfair ..why u should banned our all film in Pakistan :("
eng	negative	"@LucyAndLydia @georgiamerryyy I want one :("
eng	negative	"Feel sick :("
eng	negative	"Hmmm 10 mins to get my train and I'm currently about 15 mins away :( #failsatlife"
eng	negative	"I'm so hungry :("
eng	negative	"I want it to be my birthday already :("
eng	negative	"@louanndavies Completely agree. The press won't :("
eng	negative	"Im super duper tired :("
eng	negative	"Having boring time :( don't know what to do....."
eng	negative	"ill be on soon, I PROMISE :( waaah"
eng	negative	"I wanna change my avi but uSanele :("
eng	negative	"MY PUPPY BROKE HER FOOT :("
eng	negative	"where's all the jaebum baby pictures :(("
eng	negative	"But but Mr Ahmad Maslan cooks too :( https://t.co/ArCiD31Zv6"
eng	negative	"@eawoman As a Hull supporter I am expecting a misserable few weeks :-("
eng	negative	"RT @warriorwoman91: I liked her and was happy when I heard she was going to be the moderator. Not anymore. #GOPDebate @megynkelly  https://…"
eng	negative	"Deer in the headlights RT @lizzwinstead: Ben Carson, may be the only brain surgeon who has performed a lobotomy on himself. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyOsborne180: Last night's debate proved it! #GOPDebate #BATsAsk @BadassTeachersA #TBATs  https://t.co/G2gGjY1bJD"
eng	negative	"@JGreenDC @realDonaldTrump In all fairness #BillClinton owns that phrase.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Me reading my family's comments about how great the #GOPDebate was http://t.co/gIaGjPygXZ"
eng	negative	"Hey @ChrisChristie exploiting the tragedy of 9/11 for your own political gain is @rudygiulianiGOP's thing #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolCNN: #DonaldTrump under fire for comments about women @PeterBeinart @SL_Schaeffer @IWF @@MyRkiger weigh in on #GOPdebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @johncardillo: Guess who had most speaking time at the #GOPDebate. @FoxNews moderators with 31.7% of time. http://t.co/2WSUT0c0Lx"
eng	negative	"reason comment is funny 'in case you're ignorant' is the #gop #tcot are the reason the government isn't working for the people #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Huckabee: Paying for transgender surgery for soldiers, sailors and airmen does not make our country safer #Ha #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mchamric: RT “@TeaTraitors: #GOPDebate was still Clown Show! I'm glad Head Clown Trump helping destroy GOP. http://t.co/nwGx8G8JWr”"
eng	negative	"RT @erinmallorylong: No *I* hate Planned Parenthood and women more! NO I HATE PLANNED PARENTHOOD AND WOMEN MORE!!!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MrPooni: Fox News trying to convince us young Black Americans are more worried about ISIS than police terrorism #GOPDebate http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate rankings: worst to be performance - Rubio, Kasich, Christie, Bush, Trump, Cruz, Walker, Paul, Huckabee, Carson."
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Scott Walker's Abortion Ban Allows Rapist Father To Sue For Emotional Distress http://t.co/rHMvgumuir #GOPDebate @Badger…"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: It's not a competition, but how have we moved so far on gay rights but women's rights is worse than it's ever been? #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @mch7576: RT “@TeaTraitors: #GOPDebate was still Clown Show! I'm glad Head Clown Trump helping destroy GOP. http://t.co/pRy2QPCWfu””"
eng	negative	"RT @HillaryClinton: Watch the #GOPdebate? Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right about now. http://t.co/pGlQCqQgOP http://t.co/QP1e…"
eng	negative	"@fbhw they're going to need to borrow the train horn for the next #GOPDebate ! The little bell was wimpy! #hornmeansyouredone"
eng	negative	"RT @LisaVikingstad: Ted Cruz at the #GOPDebate will be like Ted Cruz in bed. He will keep a confusingly sad look on his face and refuse to …"
eng	negative	"RT WinesdayPodcast : An update on FoxNews tech failures for the #GOPDebate http://t.co/FGGlf2J5HU http://t.co/Zw35DkUozi"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: The Torched has been passed -&gt;.@CandyCrowley is no longer the most Famous Political Assassin! Congratulations @megynkelly, U Wi…"
eng	negative	"RT @stockwizards3: Trump/Carson ticket would win in a landslide... @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @AnnCoulter #Republican #potus #Trump2016 …"
eng	negative	"RT @kvxrdashian: Jeb Bush: "Obama is at fault, not my brother, because Obama didn't clean up the mess my brother made." #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @ali: After the Fox News #GOPDebate, we primary voters are none the wiser on the policy plans these folks are putting forth. Journalism …"
eng	negative	"RT @mgell: Trump is a cross between the shrug emoji and President Business from the Lego movie. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JamelleMyBelle: Meanwhile, in the White House...  #GOPDebate http://t.co/nouUUt5hKq"
eng	negative	"RT @brownblaze: PLEASE RT. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/YaqYAC3uV3"
eng	negative	"Trump thinks criticism of his misogynistic remarks is a "political correctness" problem. Nope, it's a pervasive #sexism problem. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LeKarmaSucre: How the #GOPDebate handled #BlackLivesMatter   http://t.co/8ZGdY6lPCT"
eng	negative	"RT @gov: Most-Tweeted @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebate moment: saying purpose of military "to kill people/break things" re trans servicemembers"
eng	negative	"RT @STYLEMOM: Here's a question, WHY in the hell are WOMEN &amp; our body parts even in this debate? Foh, stop it, it's not 1965 wtf #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"@rushlimbaugh Americans getting beheaded overseas and @megynkelly is worried whether @realDonaldTrump calls Rosie O'Donnell fat? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChuckNellis: I won't defend @FoxNews, they were FAR from fair OR balanced last night, but name calling is juvenile. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @theskysgoneout: To non-Christians, #GOPDebate "God" questions underline how little anyone really cares about religious minorities. Chri…"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: The #GOPDebate response to #BlackLivesMatter was pathetic. http://t.co/isMXbrRM0h"
eng	negative	"RT @factcheckdotorg: .@JebBush said he cut FL taxes by $19B. But that includes cuts in estate taxes mandated by federal law. #GOPDebate. ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy: Dear GOP, If you want to stop abortions...   #GOPDebate  http://t.co/RbL1t4iPx6"
eng	negative	"RT @P0TUS: #GOPDebate closing statements: http://t.co/S15NLilLso"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: Status 👉 Single   I broke up with @FoxNews last night!   Goodbye @megynkelly, @BretBaier &amp; Chris Wallace.  #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJimHughes: If we want to stop sending foreign aid to places that burn our flag can we start with Berkeley? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: Those saying "don't worry, Trump will NEVER be elected" need to remember we elected George Bush. Twice. #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"Fox News Had Its Own #GOPDebate Agenda: Promote Carly "never mention fired from HP" Fiorina, &amp; run Trump out of race http://t.co/9k1eujdFo7"
eng	negative	"RT @HlLLARY: Oh, one more thing. Did anyone hear anything about affordable child care for working families last night in the #GOPDebate ? I…"
eng	negative	"RT @NaughtyBeyotch: RT @AllenWestRepub "Dear @JebBush #GOPDebate #NotAMistake http://t.co/WQnSuPSPkC""
eng	negative	"The Country's going to hell and Megyn Kelly on #FoxNews is attacking Trump for a "war on women?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SnarkyDemo: #DonaldTrump said he’s not “politically correct.”  Which, of course, is Trumpspeak for “Let’s face it, I’m huge asshole.” #…"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: A message to the #GOPDebate candidates: http://t.co/WFK5CmVgiN"
eng	negative	"RT @davidcicilline: This is the worst episode of The Apprentice that I've ever seen. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lolhayley: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." - something an actual man running for president just said …"
eng	negative	"Wondering if I could get the Republican Party to pay for my liver transplant after playing @mtaibbi #GOPDebate drinking game last night."
eng	negative	"They’re all Todd Akin now: How the Planned Parenthood sting backfired on Republicans #GOPDebate #StandwithPP  http://t.co/ekXPfKtHQn"
eng	negative	"RT @learjetter: Hey @Foxnews let #REPUBLICANS digest #GOPDebate before allowing crazy @DWStweets to TRASH OUR #GOP! @LadySandersfarm http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Watch Donald Trump Receive Enormous Applause for Horribly Misogynistic #GOPDebate Answer http://t.co/R4e8TpOtd5 http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @kingsthings: The #GOPdebate is not a debate at all. It's a series of 1 minute opportunities to avoid answering a question one candidate…"
eng	negative	"RT @KateThomas: This literally couldn't be more true for me. "I Watched the #GOPDebate &amp; All I Got Was a Lousy Hangover" http://t.co/cxch7X…"
eng	negative	"RT @fl_dreamer: Haha a little saas from @voxdotcom this morning towards @realDonaldTrump. #FactChecked #GOPDebate http://t.co/dAeCtmLlaj"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: What people saw in person vs what we saw on tv. #GOPDebate http://t.co/QlGsXRH5Hw"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Marco Rubio Told To His Face He's 'Candidate Of Yesterday' For His Anti-Gay Bigotry http://t.co/a4EiuETTLf #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @carIisIe: None of them have made Trump look out of place or foolish yet. Think about that. When you're done crying, think about it agai…"
eng	negative	"RT @JRehling: #GOPDebate Donald Trump says that he doesn't have time for political correctness. How does calling women "fat pigs" save him …"
eng	negative	"RT @theonlyadult: This is the @POTUS we have now. One of the people on TV now might be the next one. RIP everything. #GOPDebate http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"RT @kirahoffy: "@FoxNews web stream and mobile app fail during #GOPDebate” … Why am I not surprised? http://t.co/tkpEsoOEZT"
eng	negative	"Trump just said @JebBush is a true gentleman &amp; then they started violently 69ing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cameronesposito: Ugh will these guys ever shut up about how much they respect women? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SnarkyDemo: What did the #GOPDebate teach us about a future President Trump?  America probably won’t be safe, except if we’re attacked …"
eng	negative	"RT @congoboy: This is going to be a long, tiring election season.  "shockingly ill-informed" candidates at #GOPDebate http://t.co/vTK1k0tXi…"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Scott Walker can't even carry his own state. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @XLNB: Black people, if you need anymore indication why Republicans hate us. Peep this. #GOPDebate http://t.co/Bh0ChsY5Eh"
eng	negative	"RT @Smethanie: Sure, God told me I should run, and the Tooth Fairy agreed and all the Teletubbies voted yes, so here I am. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @palmaceiahome1: Trump should have told Megyn Kelly to go to HELL! #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @palmaceiahome1: Caller on the Rush Limbaugh show:"I have lost all respect for Fox News." #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @realDonaldTrump: "@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased.""
eng	negative	"RT @JamesViser: Huh. Half of Clinton's charity went to...the Clintons! http://t.co/BVwRoSgWAL #copolitics #Hillary2016 #StopHillary #UniteB…"
eng	negative	"RT @kraig4u: #GOPDebate  The order was to "take out Trump", but I wonder if FOX News was the one who took the "order" seriously. @HeidiL_RN"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: We all owe @realDonaldTrump a huge thank you 4 exposing to the world👉@megynkelly, Chris Wallace, &amp; @FrankLuntz are true Rhinos!…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Scott Walker Lies: Says WI Budget Has $535M Surplus (Actually Has $1.76B Deficit) http://t.co/VVMxzkxLKr #GOPDebate http…"
eng	negative	"RT @FrankConniff: Fox News #GOPDebate interviewer to candidates: "What's your take on these GOP talking points I'm feeding you?""
eng	negative	"RT @LeslieMac: But the murder of black ppl is just fine- just not unborn black babies? #GOPLogic #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"You can't be pro-life AND have watched that 2 hour abortion last night. #GOPDebate #forkedtongue #IseeOrangePeople"
eng	negative	"RT @DanScavino: .@MegynKelly, You failed the American people tonight.  You tried to make history, by destroying @realDonaldTrump. #KellyFai…"
eng	negative	"RT @edstetzer: Btw... when you mix politics and religion, you get politics. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly @BretBaier @foxnews WTF was up with Chris Wallace attacking #Trump2016 on bankruptcy then giving Rubio a softball? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"They obviously didn't get the memo about #SeersuckerThursday. #GOPDebate http://t.co/LZagRRtZfl"
eng	negative	"RT @VH1: Honestly, Donald Trump you were ALL types of petty at last night's #GOPDebate 😒 --&gt; http://t.co/QxdoeMfuqO http://t.co/mcr6lrJh2h"
eng	negative	"RT @TuxcedoCat: All Republican dopefuls who say they'll take US back to 2009 on 'Day One' will never see one day in White House! #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Trump gloating abt buying GOP+Dem pols &amp;them doing his bidding IS my 2000s Billionaire caricature MyaCash #GOPDebate https://t.co/5spmU3csIc"
eng	negative	"RT @Daenerys: Listening to the #GOPDebate like http://t.co/3JrCuQdAFu"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: If you missed either #GOPDebate all you need to know is there's no $ for struggling Americans and unlimited $ for war."
eng	negative	"RT @pfikac: .@JebBush 'We are on the verge of the greatest time to be alive in this world but Washington is holding us back' #mysa #txlege …"
eng	negative	"RT @DrMartyFox: #Trump Wins Drudge  Debate Poll   ➡️ By A Landslide   #TedCruz #2   #GOPDebate #PJNET🇺🇸   ☑️ http://t.co/YUh6j7QqHA http://…"
eng	negative	"Summary is the #GOPDebate: Status quo shit show"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Debbie Blocks Tweeter Who Questioned Dem Debate Schedule  http://t.co/gXNa0TOqaQ #GOPDebate @DWStweets http://t.co/kxIKF…"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Hey look, it’s 10 men standing on a stage arguing why they should get to control women’s bodies and choices. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: Last night at the #GOPdebate all I saw was a bunch of Rich and Old despots with ZERO solutions to our nations problems #un…"
eng	negative	"RT @RFHKerry: If you think ANY of these people are qualified...unfollow me.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who's the real illegal alien- #GOPDebate  Farrakhan on Immigration  the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate The talking heads put on the debate now the talking heads are telling us how the debates went. Maybe we wasted our time watching"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: "Where do you think women should sleep when they have The Curse? The shed? Or in an open field, not on your property?' …"
eng	negative	""I think God's a pretty fair guy" -Ben Carson, neurosurgeon, on his belief modern day taxation should be based on an ancient book #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyLeeGrahn: The cheers from #GOPDebate  audience afterTrump defiantly named @Rosie as the woman he called "Fat Pig" were the voices …"
eng	negative	"#BlackLives don't matter, apparently, to Republican candidates for president  http://t.co/8rfevFWSXx / or to @FoxNews #uniteblue #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Overall the main thing we learned from the #GOPDebate is that only straight, white, men matter."
eng	negative	"RT @JohnKasich: Hey @RealDonaldTrump, if you're still looking to chip in, check out http://t.co/dy8KnZ122T  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly @BretBaier #ChrisWallace, #America is criticizing UR PERFORMANCES during #GOPDebate b/c U did a REALLY bad job as "moderators.""
eng	negative	"“@GovMikeHuckabee: Luntz: "As the lines go up, they almost reach 100. It almost never happens in the dial research we do." #GOPDebate rigged"
eng	negative	"RT @oftenimprudent: I wish we could teach teenage girls to love themselves as much as Donald Trump loves himself. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: Conservatives are a people without a Network!   #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @BHowl_: How come there's no talk about climate change? Has anyone here even seen California right now? #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: Last night they could have have raised their hands. I'm a spoiled billionaire, I'm an oligarch, I'm a racist, I'm a religi…"
eng	negative	"RT @BenJamminWalker: Under no circumstances should 10 men dictate abortion rights to women. It's the 21st Century, we are better than that.…"
eng	negative	"RT @JoePrich: .@megynkelly  In 2012 you chided @CandyCrowley for "going from objective moderator to active participant" #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  in1996 you called @billclinton a two timing slut.  Do you stand by that statement!?"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: ☑ never watch #KellyFile again  1. #GOPDebate questions  2. Pandering to @DWStweets  3. Making it about ratings not🇺🇸 http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @JebBush: "Challenging the teacher's unions and beating them is the way to go." – Jeb http://t.co/5ImGwdRL4G #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@theblaze The REAL war on women!@realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @rushlimbaugh #GOPDebate @AnnCoulter"
eng	negative	"RT @AllThingsFlynn: This Trump vs. Fox News conflict is quite the conundrum. It’s like the personification of Greed vs. Hate. Who do I root…"
eng	negative	"RT @LAXnOREOS: Meanwhile, in the White House...  #GOPDebate http://t.co/mFs7ixFOVC"
eng	negative	"RT @realDonaldTrump: "@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate" She is totally overrated and angry. She…"
eng	negative	"This literally couldn't be more true for me. "I Watched the #GOPDebate &amp; All I Got Was a Lousy Hangover" http://t.co/cxch7Xxq1V @robinmarty"
eng	negative	"#JonVoyage was half as long as the #GOPDebate  but twice as intelligible."
eng	negative	"RT @LisaBloom: Not a single question in last night's #GOPDebate about the most urgent issue of our time: climate change."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate What was up with #FoxNews &amp; their "gotcha" questions? They seemed designed to elicit typical political "spin" responses. #tlot"
eng	negative	"RT @Roy___Rogers: @KnucklDraginSam @GOP @realDonaldTrump @yobynnad1127 AMEN! #Trump2016 #WakeUpAmerica #GOPDebate #tcot #stoprush http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @zzcrane: Me watching the Donald Trump bandwagon pass.  #tlot #tcot #GOPDebate http://t.co/wvQlSxgmCL"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Before the #GOPDebate began, didn't the moderators say that 8 million ppl were discussing "racial issues"? What happened to thos…"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: There's nothing like listening to ten dudes who will never need an abortion, talk about whether I should have a right …"
eng	negative	"RT @SenWhitehouse: FOX silenced by Koch billions too? Not a single question at last night's #GOPDebate to #climatechange deniers about Mond…"
eng	negative	"RT @tyriquex: These republicans are rich, they don't care about the poverty of America &amp; they definitely don't care bout the poverty of bla…"
eng	negative	"Catching up on my #GOPDebate @LindseyGrahamSC what a childish &amp; cheap move to call out @billclinton &amp; @HillaryClinton on a 17 year old story"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: All Ted Cruz does is attack other Republicans. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GovernorPerry: ICYMI: Not just no, but "hell no" to the #IranDeal! #GOPDebate #Perry2016 #tcot https://t.co/KqhJdJCGWS"
eng	negative	"RT @larhunter: If Donald Trump wins the election, then we'll know we're on the Biff-stole-the-almanac timeline. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: Chris Christie just said you have to work two more years before retiring.And that you'll get tens of thousands less you paid…"
eng	negative	"RT @edwrather: The biggest losers in the debate were the Fox moderators who attacked instead of moderating #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @WhitneyNeal: Trump has yet to give a single, evidence-based answer to a direct question about policy. That should frighten you. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @Blkfeminst: I honestly think sometimes these guys forgot they came from wombs too. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate  https://t.co/FO3a6DXflf"
eng	negative	"RT @GrnEyedMandy: Women who shame other women for having abortions deserve to be shamed for having no soul or self respect.   #PlannedParen…"
eng	negative	"RT @IcarusPundit: Donald Trump’s closing statement is every dinner conversation had at The Villages, ever. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheXclass: "When the rich wage war it's the poor who die." Jean-Paul Sartre  This is now GOP foreign policy.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"At the #GOPDebate, we saw the candidates completely miss the mark on race &amp; #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/K9nhdpUE32 http://t.co/hlcqpXJzru"
eng	negative	"RT @SeaBassThePhish: S/O to the GOP for being proud of defeating teachers union even though they just wanted higher wages #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ChuckNellis @FoxNews You got that right! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mrskimcam: Trump just said the U.S. is stupid, so let's vote him President. WTF people. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hey look it's my feelings about Donald Trump summed up in one gif #GOPDebate http://t.co/zjWUGwj9Hz"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Marco Rubio Briefly Backed Immigration Reform Then Privately Berated DREAMers http://t.co/We77QdT3Kt #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @DamienFahey: “I french-kissed Jesus Christ!” - Every candidate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #Closingstatements @GovMikeHuckabee just be honest. u were defs talking about @realDonaldTrump coz he's stealing ur schtick"
eng	negative	"When cnn, msnbc ,and the new York times praise fox moderators then you know the moderators fucked up. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: Trump is a lunatic. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: AssClown: I'm the only reason anyone is even talking about illegal immigration. Keep digging, Donald! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SouthernHomo: Olivia Pope would not vote for any of these guys #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"All #GOP candidates want to reduce taxes while #Huckabee wants to legalize prostitution and drugs so we can tax it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: Hi Fox panel, can you just ask Donald every single question? Hand him a shovel while you're at it so he can keep digging. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @BernieSanders: Oh. It was just a movie trailer. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @TacticalDissent: So Sally Kohn &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz both  praising Megyn Kelly tonight. That should tell you everything you need …"
eng	negative	"Why are all the Trump accessory women wearing the same shoes?!  #GOPDebate http://t.co/Xz4zc1Lt8N"
eng	negative	"And Donald Trump is an absolute nut! So entertaining LOL #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""@thehill: Top GOP pundits pick their #GOPdebate winners: http://t.co/QPvJu6p7sz http://t.co/JCDu5qzjnj" Winners...Fox News Losers...USA"
eng	negative	"RT @DykstraDame: Candidates went after @HillaryClinton 32 times in the #GOPdebate-but remained silent about the issues that affect us. http…"
eng	negative	"RT @DanScavino: .@MegynKelly trying 2show up @realDonaldTrump w @FoxNews. Trying 2take him down. Trying 2destroy him. Not happening. #Kelly…"
eng	negative	"RT @gov: Most-Tweeted #GOPDebate moment for @RealBenCarson: saying he wouldn't publicize to the world his answer on waterboarding."
eng	negative	"I give him a e for his big ego. #GOPDebate A's are earned for excellence. Rhymes with rump."
eng	negative	"Trump changed his mind on supporting PARTIAL BIRTH ABORTION because a friend changed their mind on aborting &amp; had a great kid. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lesleyabravanel: Trump sycophants want to know what @megynkelly's "hidden agenda" was last night. Answer is simple: it's called a vagin…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is a really nasty piece of work. Hope he disappears quickly. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @amaraconda: FETUSES ARE NOT UNBORN BABIES THEY ARE CLUSTERS OF CELLS STOP SHAMING PEOPLE WHO WANT/HAVE HAD ABORTIONS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Despite what Huckabee says, I always make sure my prostitute AND her pimp pay FICA and pension. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: I’d say it was the opposite. Megan Kelly acted like some SJW on Tumblr whining about feminism. Very sad. #GOPDebate  https://t.c…"
eng	negative	"the number of times that ronald reagan is mentioned in the #GOPDebate is TOO DAMN HIGH"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: If Trump is against "p.c. culture," I'm suddenly 100% for it. Not even kidding. What a howling shit-cave of a human. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @Davante_R: Women that would be offended by Trumps "Misogyny" most certainly don't vote Republican.  Find a new fake issue Faux News.  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @Auntcol54: Keep religion out of politics! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @wilw: Boy, I bet the mood in the clown car is going to be TENSE when these jerks leave the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"“@foxnewspolitics: Behind the Fox debate: How the anchors hashed out the questions #GOPDebate They Failed"
eng	negative	"Did anyone get trashed playing @RollingStone's #GOPDebate drinking game?   #drinkinggame"
eng	negative	"If #DonaldTrump donates to U..He can call in a favor years later?? Sounds like #TheGodfather NOT #POTUS Thats legal? #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @jediane9: Ugh to think there were actually people sitting on their couch last night saying YES YES THIS IS REASONABLE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: If politics can be even partially rational, Trump's campaign for the GOP nomination just ended. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: Scott Walker chooses killing mother rather than aborting unborn embryo. This is reason other countries give us that funny …"
eng	negative	"Can't #UniteBlue: Abortion is a talking point in the #GOPDebate since #PPSellsBabyParts"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: Closing statements reminisce about an America that no longer exists after Ted Kennedy’s 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: Ted Cruz is going to personally take away your telescope and try you as a witch. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Yes Marco Rubio Actually Said The Iraq Invasion 'Was Not A Mistake' http://t.co/xRowKHyMm1 #GOPDebate http://t.co/vjMjdM…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Marco Rubio Voted Against Unemployment Benefits Even Though Florida Needs Them Most http://t.co/2i6UolSctj #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJimHughes: There will be a lot of jobs available if Bush serves 2 terms, because most Conservatives will have committed suicide. #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @3ChicsPolitico: Donald Trump insulted @megynkelly and ALL women and not one man on stage confronted him. None of them are worthy to be …"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: @learjetter, I was waiting for @megynkelly to ask @realDonaldTrump, "When did you stop beating your wife?" #GOPDebate http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @AndreaTantaros: About last night. Are you watching @OutnumberedFNC ? We got @ericbolling and all the good stuff from the #GOPDebate on …"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: EARTH TO @megynkelly THIS AINT ABOUT YOU!   #GOPDebate  #FoxDebate  #MegynKelly  #MegynKellyDebateQuestions http://t.co/yxHy…"
eng	negative	"#FFF: Highlights from this week include #NationalUnderwearDay, the #GOPDebate, and #JonVoyage. Officially. The. Worst. Week. Ever. #TGIF"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: Of course, the AssClown won't pledge not to run as a third party candidate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Paul Krugman sums up what happended last night: "One of our two major parties has gone off the deep end" http://t.co/gkubEM7gE7 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @EQphoto: Just remember no matter wins the #GOPDebate everyone who watched it loses #alcoholpoisoning"
eng	negative	"RT @AnthonyMarlowe: #Trump #Video It cost 4 times more than the $700M it would've if it were being managed by @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate h…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly you disgraced yourself last night... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @proginosko: Prediction: in the final #GOPDebate Donald Trump will tear off his #MissionImpossible mask to reveal a smirking Jon Stewart."
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: Ted Cruz is angling himself to be a slightly less loony version of Donald Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Meet the new darling of the left 》 Megyn Gotcha Kelly. #GOPDebate @FoxNews #DonaldTrump #MegynKelly"
eng	negative	"RT @toddstarnes: That abortion question — disgusting. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@nytimes and @CNN praised @FoxNews and they thought they did a good job #GOPDebate  Not a good thing"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: a lesson for coming months: quality and not quantity in words &amp; time for tangible and believable propsals http://t.co/YHvNoEinyi"
eng	negative	"When CNN and the New York Times are praising the @FoxNews moderators, you know they did it completely wrong. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TUSK81: Not one candidate spoke up against Trump's mass-deportation plan, &amp; not one condemned his racist comments. Latinos won't forget…"
eng	negative	"RT @GerryDuggan: The Kryptonian science council was more worried about climate change than these scary people. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Withholding my very valuable presidential endorsement until I hear about everyone's point of view on the 2nd amendment #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeDrucker: "Ronald Reagan never had an abortion with ISIS and WOMEN DON'T NEED THEM EITHER!" - Basically everyone tonight #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Jackie_Pepper: #Jeb is giving me some serious Janet Reno tonight. #GOPDebate http://t.co/VxfY7MS1WG"
eng	negative	"#Boomers R #Smart They know how to use #Internet for #GOPDebate http://t.co/IGP8WWnzCu     #Cosproject #jpnet http://t.co/MT79hetQXS"
eng	negative	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Re China: You deal with a playground bully by punching them in the face &amp; putting them on the ground b/c they only res…"
eng	negative	"RT @ali: Lots of Republicans in my Facebook and Twitter timelines are ticked at Fox News for running that hatchet job of a debate. #GOPdeba…"
eng	negative	"I won't defend @FoxNews, they were FAR from fair OR balanced last night, but name calling is juvenile. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly Your Fox team talked for 31 minutes of #GOPDebate while Walker talked for 5. Your obvious goal was to ambush everyone. Pathetic."
eng	negative	"RT @DykstraDame: The #GOPDebate was like a super crappy cage fight of blustering, bumbling, old wrinkled-up tuckus clinchers without the ca…"
eng	negative	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: The military is not a social experiment. The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things. #ImWithHuck #…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly #GOPDebate Kelly is no role model doesn't speak for me or my prof friends Rosie? Now a real woman @CarlyFiorina Kelly is a poser"
eng	negative	"donald trump... #whatajoke #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @funnyordie: This feels like FOX News tried to be the cool parents that let their kids have a party &amp; now the house is on fire. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @patriotmom61: It's unconscionable that @FoxNews moderators asked ALL the candidates except Santorum foreign policy&amp; nat sec questions i…"
eng	negative	"RT @CrissGhoul: YOU ARE NOT PRO LIFE. YOU ARE PRO CONTROL. YOU ARE PRO RELIGION. YOU ARE PRO YOU.  THIS IS NEVER ABOUT THE MOTHER. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateJake: Solid debate tips - take a gander, @GOP:  http://t.co/4PuFJ36dLa  #GOPDebate #teaparty  #tcot #tlot #icon http://t.co/wpi…"
eng	negative	"If you're a woman who supports R party please wake up and get informed. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The anti- @CarlyFiorina unit of the #Clinton Personal Destruction Force is now working 24/7, I'm sure. #GOPDebate https://t.co/p0dT5s5TIY"
eng	negative	"RT @Marmel: "My mother worked..." - Nobody  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NewsWriter2: So we have Americans getting beheaded overseas and @megynkelly is worried whether @realDonaldTrump calls Rosie O'Donnell f…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate REAL “AMERICAN IDOL”: ELECTIONS AS AUDITIONS: Whose Consent Counts &amp; How Decisions Are Made... http://t.co/bLeoBY7r7N"
eng	negative	"Elections, Democracy, and political debates as entertainment.  Not a particularly sterling quality of our federal republic.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie @RandPaul Americans fear NOT. People who live in fear are not free and have no liberty. Fear is unAmerican #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rachelmartinart: I wonder if the #GOPDebate will address actual solutions for climate change and clean energy. #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @vivigold197: @realDonaldTrump: misogynist, ignorant, xenophobic and greedy: another proof that money does not buy class. #GOPDebate #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @ImmigranNacion: @JebBush #GOPDebate #USA, seriously, would you vote for any of these CLOWNS? We NEED #CIRNow #AINF #TNTVote http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"RT @AmberTozer: Just got caught up on the #GOPDebate and felt like I should write a joke about it but the biggest joke of all was the whole…"
eng	negative	"RT @joshcomers: Jeb makes me want to blow rails with W before we wreck his dad’s car. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Keep religion out of politics! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"what is Chris Cristie on about Re: abortions? This is absurd. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"I'm eating lunch out and these two old ladies discussing the #GOPDebate is giving me life. They shading shit outta Christie and Trump."
eng	negative	"RT @Ali_Davis: Tonight's #GOPDebate was an important reminder that these guys think of women as carrying cases for fetuses."
eng	negative	"RT @Squintz1983: #GOPDebate pretty much http://t.co/fHg7FmG42d"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Trump literally said that he donates to politicians and then calls them later to get what he wants. He literally just said that.…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate none of the presidential candidates brought a fucking gom jabbar, i mean at least liven up your crazy"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Fact-Checkers Proved Scott Walker Literally Lies More Often Than He Tells The Truth http://t.co/KeOeBNRWGU #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: I want @BernieSanders to quietly walk out onto this stage and five-point-palm-exploding-heart all these hollow beasts. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: These clowns didn't even tackle Climate change. They didn't mention Inequality at all. Are you surprised? #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Are they going to ask Lenny Kravitz's penis ONE question? This is very disrespectful. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FactChecking the #GOPDebate  http://t.co/N72RUBXxcv Unsurprising-but-massive levels of lies and truth-stretching and general bullshittery."
eng	negative	"Wonder how much of tonight's #@megynkelly show will be about her  #GOPDebate #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @3ChicsPolitico: Trump calling @megynkelly a bimbo is reprehensible. This is about choosing a candidate for president NOT the Jerry Spri…"
eng	negative	"RT @rebleber: Not mentioned in the #GOPdebate: Voting rights Climate change Gun violence Police shootings Student debt Inequality"
eng	negative	"RT @CarlyFiorina: It’s almost time! Tune into @FoxNews at 5:00 p.m. EDT #GOPDebate #Carly2016 http://t.co/hEV7fe4HhR"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaTraitors: #GOPDebate was still Clown Show! I'm glad Head Clown Trump helping destroy GOP. http://t.co/88QwTnPuIR"
eng	negative	"#GOP wants to #DefundPP and #Huckabee wants to legalize prostitution and drugs.  #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Favorite Jeb line "taking on the teacher's unions, and beating them" sure that empowers kids disenfranchise the ones who teach em #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @britt27ash: Current mood re: #GOPDebate http://t.co/GFSNEDXEoj"
eng	negative	"If the newest b52 was built in the 60s like Huckabee complained, doesn't that mean St. Ronnie should have built more? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @G_Humbertson: Perry says he would rather send @CarlyFiorina to negotiate with Iran than John Kerry. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RachLWhitehurst: I can't tell if these are just bad cramps or my uterus trying to flee the country as I watch the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kumailn: And now the realization dawns on us. "Holy shit. I've been watching Fox News." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hey .@realDonaldTrump You know who didn't whine about "unfair" questions? @CarlyFiorina Grow a set why don't ya'. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"John Kasich seems like a decent guy shame he'll drowned out by the loonies in the #GOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: My feelings about Trump after #GOPDebate: http://t.co/bKuz2OiamE"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: In the end, Bingo! #GOPDebate http://t.co/xul0Y2qXp6"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie said he was appointed U.S. Attorney Sept. 10, 2001. He was actually appointed Dec. 7, 2001. #GOPDebate http://t.co/8Y8GkqTnvK"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie fundamentally misunderstands the 4th amendment &amp; got owned by @RandPaul over NSA: http://t.co/XawzzRHVFi #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cmclymer: Fun Fact: in this party of super patriots, not a single candidate on stage has served a day in the military.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who's the real illegal alien AMERICA  #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @imfabulous13: I assume you guys didn't boo a gay soldier this time only because the opportunity didn't arise. #RSG15 #GOPDebate http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @HRC: .@JohnKasich said he’d love his daughters if they were gay, but his voting record says otherwise #GOPDebate http://t.co/qWNQMbLZ5d"
eng	negative	"RT @Marmel: MY mother worked. THEIR mothers worked. YOUR mothers worked. Nobody mentioned their mothers. Nobody. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @catie__warren: As a reminder. Less than 3 percent of what #PlannedParenthood does deals with abortions. But this debate won't tell you …"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: GOP base voters have been targeted by leftist terror campaigns for years, &amp; the GOP establishment relentlessly manipulates that.…"
eng	negative	"RT @MilesOrionFeld: "Are you not entertained?!?!?!" Then #Trump throws a severed head into the crowd. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: I'm not really sure about President, but Ted Cruz would make an excellent Marvel villain. #GOPDebate #TedCruz #Marvel"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: During debates on terrorism, don't expect anyone to bring up white supremacist organizations engaging in terrorism. #KKKor…"
eng	negative	"@TheDailyShow Jon Stewart can feel comfortable w/retirement as #GOPDebate solved all problems(personal &amp; scientific) https://t.co/voVjmTwu5J"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump: Reagan Was A Con Man Who Couldn't 'Deliver The Goods' | ThinkProgress #GOPDebate http://t.co/LHmRKxWvcI"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate didn't offer a single solution to any salient issues"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate so which presidential candidate stuck their thing into the presidential electric sharpener"
eng	negative	"RT @Anergo_Teacher: Seriously, #Trump is dangerous for the whole world. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @joehudsonsmall: "Would you really let a mother die, rather than have an abortion?"  Was seriously being asked of a presidential hopeful…"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush: "I defunded Planned Parenthood"  ....he is proud that he denied thousands of women access to life saving healthcare... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Now we know Rand's strategy - he's going after Trump. He's got nothing to lose - he is nowhere anyway #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Credit where credit is due - I was shocked #SHOCKED by Trump's cogent health care debate response #GOPdebate  https://t.co/Mdfg53UfaZ"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "That concludes our debate! Please welcome the Koch Brothers who will choose an ideological broodmare from our whore-stab…"
eng	negative	"RT @ColMorrisDavis: Amusing to hear men who chose not to serve in the military talk tough about using other people's kids to backup their b…"
eng	negative	"Is God going to be like the Co-president or something? #GOPDebate #eleventhdebater"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateJake: I'd pay some serious $$$ to watch someone grill these 2 egomaniacal bullies in an interview.   #GOPDebate #KellyFile http…"
eng	negative	"RT @amaraconda: I SWEAR TO GOD IF ANOTHER CIS WHITE MAN SPEAKS ON ABORTION LIKE THEY KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE BEING PREGNANT......... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ElianaBenador @PoliticalShort @Samlove0313Love @_AndyBryant @ebenjones @mjgranger1 #GOPDebate Trump too selfish &amp; immature to have power."
eng	negative	"RT @ethicistforhire: Ten rich narcissists spouting nihilistic applause lines is not a debate. It is a Zeitgeist… #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Hey Megan Kelly, ask Kelly Osbourne how attacking me this week worked out for her.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Why is God &amp; religion important in an election? Religion shouldn't play a part in the decision making in your country. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That pose is SO awkward. Who in the hell did she work with?  She's stiff, not natural. Kinda like the #GOPDebate last night. @Pissed_Pat"
eng	negative	"RT @goddessjaz: The discussion of racist police violence was over before I finished typing that tweet. #GOPdebate #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @MsPeoples: jebbush tell me more about this  "hang em by the neck" wing of your party....#GOPDebate #KKKorGOP https://t.co/8fgWctd2bb"
eng	negative	"i dont care if you think you dont have time to be PC, being respectful to women is something that should be in your nature #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's not a coincidence that you couldn't watch the #GOPDebate unless you had cable."
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: I'm at the #GOPDebate After Party. Rand Paul couldn't get in since the bar we're at doesn't allow Poodles."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly thinks high ratings for @FoxNews #GOPDebate were because of HER! Hate to break it to you honey….@realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Walked out of a restaurant last night even before my meal came feeling sick to my stomach #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Both debate stages were so filled with liars, traitors, double-talking cheaters, deceiving misogynists it stunk to high heaven."
eng	negative	"RT @Jayedilla: Surprise surprise, @GovMikeHuckabee thinks #trans life is a "social experiment" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BobLonsberry: Biggest losers in the #GOPDebate were @megynkelly and Chris Wallace. Cynical, arrogant, condescending game-show hosts."
eng	negative	".@BillHemmer Did you ask Romney if his "moment had passed?"  Would you have asked Reagan in 1980 the same? Worst question of the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Strange. God told me NOT to vote for them. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/b8SR6mMALx"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: US Economy added 215,000 jobs in July. This must be the result of "job-killing Obamacare" Republicans talked about last nig…"
eng	negative	"Re #GOPDebate: Sure, it's all fun and games until one of these wackos has his finger on the big red button. http://t.co/ndgrhvpB4I"
eng	negative	"Trump should have told Megyn Kelly to go to HELL! #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@jkarsh Pffft. Since when does Fox care about lady viewers? Plus, Megyn's sole goal in the #GOPDebate was to come out the winner."
eng	negative	"RT @jfreewright: Last time I heard "stupid" &amp; "idiot" used so liberally in a debate was during a race for the president of my kindergarten …"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: My message from the spin room to Univision? The winner of the #GOPDebate tonight was next year's Democratic nominee. http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @Ben_Elder1155: Donald Trump to Rand Paul tonight. #GOPDebate http://t.co/jV4yfOv7xZ"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was a great theatrical performance. They should do Broadway."
eng	negative	"Although the occasional dick, @realDonaldTrump sure knows how to keep these political debates alive and exciting. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LaurenGreenberg: So... it's okay to kill people if you're in the military, but it's not okay to get an abortion if you're a rape victim…"
eng	negative	"RT @NYMag: Hillary Clinton spent #GOPDebate night with the Kardashians: http://t.co/gkLcCJoBi5 http://t.co/76XRSJ0rNQ"
eng	negative	"So, it's official; the GOP 2016 Platform is less abortion, more war. That's it. That's what they are after. #GOPDebate #Priorities"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "Kill people and break things," Huckabee just described the GOP. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@AmbitiousPaul "our skin does not make us who we are.. It's our brain"... How is that a sellout? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: Final thoughts from the #GOPDebate tonight — the Republican Party is out of touch and out of date. http://t.co/tueGrpP46M"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: #GOPDebate After Party Update:  Rubio, Cruz, and Bush are huddled in the corner speaking Spanish. I think they're plottin…"
eng	negative	"RT @LilaGraceRose: .@megynkelly Abortion is never medically necessary. Why are you touting @PPact talking points in question to @ScottWalke…"
eng	negative	"The real nerd fun is fact checking the #GOPDebate http://t.co/UN2cj2Dotj"
eng	negative	"RT @tnyCloseRead: Santorum just compared #SCOTUS's marriage ruling to Dred Scott. Here's why that analogy is nonsense: http://t.co/xjzdnXdM…"
eng	negative	"@NPR RIP NILOY.  This is why #Islam ic #fundamentalists must die.  It's either them or normal humans.  #ISIS #IranDeal #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: After this debate, my opinion changed the MOST about @foxnews, @megynkelly, @BretBaier &amp; Chris Wallace! Utterly Disappointed…#G…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #Hillary2016 I share some sentiments, I have some favorites on #GOP side, but I have no enthusiasm, don't want to vote for any."
eng	negative	"hadiyah: Rand Paul rocking that Wet and Wavy. Ooh Kill'em! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sethanikeem: @PhaedraBonewits #GOPDebate SPOILER ALERT: A rich, white guy tells the country how he's going to help other rich, white gu…"
eng	negative	"hadiyah: Jen Bush looks like an Art Teacher for an inner city school and everyday his car gets vandalized.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"hadiyah: Lets see Jeb Bush try to solve a Common Core math problem. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"hadiyah: Bruh, Ben Carson is boring AF! He need to punch Trump in the face so he can get in the game. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"hadiyah: Somebody needs to get the water off the stage before Trump and Paul start tossing drinks at each other. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@kesgardner Agreed. Still, he's the one everyone is talking about. #mystified #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Donald Trump's views on immigration are based solely on the first 8 minutes of SCARFACE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Maybe if we should paying attention to every little thing #DonaldTrump sez....he's not a novelty anymore!  #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @fightfor15: Total number of mentions of Min Wage in tonight's Rep debate: ZERO http://t.co/Vd2oBzdjgj #GOPDebate #FightFor15 http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @billmaher: Ben Carson doubts HIllary will be the Dem nominee?? Ben, do you still have your brain-cutting tools? And a mirror? OK, lie d…"
eng	negative	"Trump's lead shows just how low the Bar is for GOP Nomination &amp; speaks to Base approval of their elected leaders! #GOPDebate #UniteBlue #P2"
eng	negative	"same old tiresome #gop #tcot BS The #Republican Debate: There He Blows http://t.co/Sff0jUexUx #gopdebate // #Sanders2016"
eng	negative	"@pharris830 @Shareaholic That's too extreme and violates the First Amendment #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Here's why it was so frustrating to watch the #GOPDebate as a woman http://t.co/sPe1VvGuy7 via @HuffPostWomen"
eng	negative	"(cont)#GOPDebate  Losers:  Rand @RandPaul (too combative and mean) and @realDonaldTrump (the fix was in)  Biggest Loser: FoxNews credibility"
eng	negative	"RT @imraansiddiqi: Jeb Bush - "I'm gonna have to earn this." -Said no Bush, ever. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @megynkelly: .@RealBenCarson:  There is no such thing as a politically correct war #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HippieLily: How @_shannonrose17_ and I are dealing with the #GOPDebate 😂 these are the republicans, America http://t.co/tlZ8rK7jr7"
eng	negative	"RT @daveweigel: I believe that the phrase "If I am the nominee, I will not run as an independent" was uttered. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @andreafed: @Deb_Libby Half the Republican base has dementia. They probably found it riveting (when not confusing the TV w/the toaster).…"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Wait, does Rand Paul want to marry a gun? Not saying that's a deal-breaker for me, but still... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrchCurmudgeon: I'd vote for a hologram of Calvin Coolidge moonwalking across the stage right about now.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheFriddle: Trump: Mexico!!!  Rubio: Majority of illegals aren't Mexican.  That's what grandstanding vs understanding real issue looks …"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was like a super crappy cage fight of blustering, bumbling, old wrinkled-up tuckus clinchers without the cage."
eng	negative	"RT @Norsu2: Rand Paul could drop out of top 10 w dreadful, petulent debate. Fiorina moves up #gopdebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @weeklystandard: .@realDonaldTrump is looking more like Bernie Sanders - on the issues http://t.co/bzKnuXxObk #GOPDebate http://t.co/dxx…"
eng	negative	"RT @daveweigel: The official debate line-up from L-R: Loser, Loser, Loser, Loser, Classy, Loser, Loser, Loser, Loser, Loser. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate madness last night. DNC this morning.... #Guuuuurrrrlllll http://t.co/QkKPnkx0c4"
eng	negative	"RT @YoungBLKRepub: Just saying. #GOPDebate http://t.co/zqcAONpaKj"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Hey @Foxnews can you let us Rep digest the #GOPDebate before you allow Debbie Wasserman Schultz to TRASH ALL OUR GOP htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @JimFKenney: Hey @ChrisChristie -- if you want to check out the Constitution, it's right here in Philly. I'll keep the bridge open for y…"
eng	negative	""@FoxNews web stream and mobile app fail during #GOPDebate” … Why am I not surprised? http://t.co/tkpEsoOEZT"
eng	negative	"RT @roseperson: @TheDailyEdge @kharyp Jeb Bush promised families the fallen troops won't have died in vain. How about victims of gun violen…"
eng	negative	"RT @whoisbenchang: The #GOPDebate as theater, made-for-TV (&amp; web) drama, (and, duh) reality TV, via @CharlesMcNulty @latimes http://t.co/lT…"
eng	negative	"RT @natycar74: http://t.co/wrmBJKVhNr.Candidate.Mentioned.Inequality! Not, one!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @hilcox18: Donald Trump is Drunk Uncle #GOPDebate http://t.co/fcn61e8e3w"
eng	negative	"RT @thesuperficial: "Hey, guys. Women are allowed to vote." "WHAT?" "That's impossible!" "Build a wall around their uterus!" "Ronald Reagan…"
eng	negative	"Retrospect #gopdebate USA needs someone #conservative, confident,respectfully listens, not arrogant @rushlimbaugh says @Fiorina @Kasich"
eng	negative	"@maureenjohnson based on your Tweets I'm slightly thankful I skipped the #GOPDebate yesterday evening"
eng	negative	"@hardball_chris Hey Chris, did you file a workman's claim after @CarlyFiorina smashed you last night? #GOPDebate #tcot @hardball"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump ur complaining so much about being targeted but do u think that when ur president u won't be targeted? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"which is NOT fair and balanced #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PrestonMitchum: Dear Scott Walker:  How are you "pro-life" if you would let a woman die rather than receive an abortion?   #GOPDebate #…"
eng	negative	"LOL! D@%m straight! Unbelievable the sexist, misogynistic &amp; racist tones. Repugnant sad state of affairs. #GOPDebate https://t.co/awBmpTMpUm"
eng	negative	"RT @bazecraze: Ted Cruz looks like someone put a suit on a sigh. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @adillard4: Unlike #GOPDebate we'll talk race, activism #BlackLivesMatter #fergusonsyllabus #takeitdown #BTWAM on #UmichChat @ 1 http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @RepublicanPunk: GOP has 0 candidates who deleted 30,000 subpoenaed emails. #GOPDebate #ReadyForHillary"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: Looks like Fox News needs to be taken out back. #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
eng	negative	"RT @hunterwalk: If men could become pregnant, whoooo wheeee, these answers would be different #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Remember this bullshit when picking a president #GOPDebate. #stupid #marines http://t.co/HhSotdZXiL"
eng	negative	"RT @cavaticat: I didn't watch the #GOPDebate last night so today I got to wake up still liking myself and humanity in general."
eng	negative	"After the #GOPDebate, it's the only jam that seems appropriate. @taylorswift13 @kendricklamar #BadBlood #music #np http://t.co/f2Ul333eXo"
eng	negative	"Caller on the Rush Limbaugh show:"I have lost all respect for Fox News." #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @nerdist: Trump constantly looks like he's trying to push out a fart. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"These boys imagine themselves in the Oval Office? God help us all. #GOPdebate #debate #houseofcards"
eng	negative	"Oh and the absolute disrespect of @POTUS by the GOP candidates in the #GOPDebate was DISGUSTING!"
eng	negative	"Shame on #FoxNews making FIRST Primary Debate all about THEM #RatingsBonanza THEY win VOTERS lose. #GOPDebate #TCOT https://t.co/Gs5eoDhvHu"
eng	negative	"Fact checking (for those just recovering from last night's #DrinkingGame #GOPDebate ) http://t.co/8iBAcPcs7D"
eng	negative	""This was more of an inquisition than it was a debate" says Sen Graham about Fox News moderators questioning @realDonaldTrump at #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Didn't like #ScottWalker before the debates, like him even less now. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Keep trying but it ain't working. Ppl saw through your focus groups &amp; @FoxNews last night. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/FyXcFnWEdp"
eng	negative	"RT @StudyingLiberty: The man who wants to take on Iran, Russia, and China can't even handle a few tough debate questions by Megyn Kelly. #G…"
eng	negative	"Interesting stuff: Pundits/analysts say FOX asked good questions, caller just now on talk radio said he "lost respect" for FOX. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mrmilianspeaks: Dear Republicans  If you grew up broker than everyone else then why do you hate the poor so much?  #KKKorGOP  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShrinkGov: Lets not pretend the bar for POTUS is very high now.  Its somewhere between sh*t and syphilis #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @P0TUS: Rick Perry calls planes "aviation assets" This is what happens when you wear glasses to improve your IQ. #GOPDebate /Kiddie Vers…"
eng	negative	"After #GOPDebate the world leaders said "put the bombs away, these guys will destroy America themselves." #Republicans #notbetter"
eng	negative	"My mom this morning, "so who won the debate?!". My Dad: "The Democrats did" ... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jimtrue48: @Treezilla @hereistheanswer I don't mind hardball questions but I don't like an ambush aimed at taking someone out of the ra…"
eng	negative	"RT @marksluckie: Just one #BlackLivesMatter question at #GOPDebate? But we spent a half hour talking about fences?? http://t.co/v7pqn2Qr84"
eng	negative	"Liberals went from experimenting on patients in mental institutions to working for #PlannedButcherhood  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RadioFreeTom: Look, Trumpkins, your hero didn't even win the steak knives last night, know what I'm sayin' here? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @larryfeltonj: It must be awful living with the paranoid worldview presented at the #GOPDebate.  These guys need therapy, not public off…"
eng	negative	"RT @JillBidenVeep: I hate the phrase "I just can't" but I'm pretty close to feeling that way about this God question. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShadowBard: American women take note: When @@realDonaldTrump justified his piggish attacks on women at the #GOPDebate, not 1 man on sta…"
eng	negative	"Here is another one! Poor Frank is taken a beating😩 LOL!😂😂😂 #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/FfkuAoetTM"
eng	negative	"RT @ctblogger: This image best sums up my thoughts regarding last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/ko0eOisFJw"
eng	negative	"How everyone watching the #GOPDebate last night felt after any of the candidates gave an answer to any question! 😒  https://t.co/Bmz0MvesEa"
eng	negative	"#HalffullHalfMT? @FoxNews moderators prep #GOPDebate 4whats coming? Abc nbc CNBC cnn  willB more Nasty, #youvebeentargeted @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @LWilsonDarlene: #Hillary spent #GOPDebate night hanging out with a rude rapper &amp; reality show queen who's claim to fame is a sex video.…"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: Fetus dies in womb after 20 weeks? No D&amp;C for you. #ScottWalker16 thinks you should carry it full term. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@RandPaul got his clock cleaned last night. Bye, bye. #debate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"http://t.co/wrmBJKVhNr.Candidate.Mentioned.Inequality! Not, one!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyWonka: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand the winner of the #GOPDebate is: http://t.co/BMh8u80tyh"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Let me help @FoxNews they wanted proof from Trump RE: Illegal Mexican Criminals #GOPDebate http://t.co/6yqBHhngsE http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @reedfrich: Terms not mentioned tonight at #GOPDebate: -income inequality -minimum wage -climate change -voting rights -parental leave -…"
eng	negative	"RT @99AndThe2000: This is the biggest shit show I've ever seen.  Everybody on stage looks like they got their ass kicked in the 10th grade.…"
eng	negative	"RT @palmaceiahome1: If anyone thinks Jeb Bush is going to secure the border and stop sanctuary cities their smoking crack. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: No substantive conversation about income inequality, declining wages, social security or race and minorities. #GOPDebate a…"
eng	negative	"RT @toddstarnes: Megyn Kelly: "Would you really let a mother die rather than have an abortion?” Are you freaking kidding me? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @revjaydub: Clown show. #GOPDebate http://t.co/uyWu9jQcEx"
eng	negative	"RT @JillStanek: "I think future generations will look back and call us barbarians for killing millions of babies." ~@MarcoRubio #GOPDebate …"
eng	negative	"RT @gregmepstein: As 501c3 non-profit exec @HarvardHumanist @HumanistHub I legally can't do partisan advocacy-but demonizing @PPact=morally…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate ignored America’s 45 million poor, but didn’t stop the candidates from mentioning “immigration” and “illegal” as the real threat"
eng	negative	"RT @gearhead81: #GOPDebate so the debate for POTUS comes down to who is the best insulter of + sized irrelevant lesbians? &amp; youre doing wha…"
eng	negative	"RT @Momfullofhope: Bingo #GOPDebate #KochBrothers  #Puppets Wined and Dined last weekendas planned #Shameful  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https…"
eng	negative	"It's good that Facebook had their logo all over the debate last night, otherwise their brand awareness might have suffered. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly showed at the #GOPDebate she has no biz being a moderator. She is an interviewer and nothing else. @FoxNews failed last night."
eng	negative	"I learned that i cant watch the #GOP before bed #nightmares #GOPDebate #GOPDebacle"
eng	negative	"RT @MSchmidtRTD: Va. GOP leaders praise debate performances. Trump's, not so much. http://t.co/Ul5pgAq4UH #Election2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@YaleClimateComm @JerryBrownGov not a peep from them...  It's because they take $$ from oil &amp; gas!  Why would they #ActOnClimate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"They are trying to keep Rand Paul out of the debate like they did with his father. #GOPDebate #tcot #tlot http://t.co/cst2rRdnL7"
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: Well, so much for Krauthammer's theory about the 'collapse of Trump' lol. #GOPDebate #Trump2016 http://t.co/xtMDUbZGnj"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump has issues with women 4 ex wives &amp; a daughter -Obama has 2 daughters 1 wife &amp; is Very Respectful #gopdebate #msnbc #cnn"
eng	negative	"RT @JamilSmith: Ben Carson says that folks are trying to start a race war. Is he talking about #BlackLivesMatter, or folks like Dylann Roof…"
eng	negative	"Numbnuts! "@FoxNews dedicated &lt; 2min of 2hr debate to Qs about ways black America has been under attack" #GOPDebate http://t.co/TXMkGV9hIb"
eng	negative	"I'm still convinced that no amount of sage in the world could've extinguished the bad energy and negative vibes at the #GOPDebate last night"
eng	negative	"Hands up if you would want to read a sequel to David Brock's "The Republican Noise Machine" covering the past 11 years. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @stephenmengland: Just read @realDonaldTrump's early morning Twitter rants. . .there are reasons why it's not recommended to mix drugs a…"
eng	negative	"I'm quite certain that the @realDonaldTrump is working for @HillaryClinton. It is his mission to get her elected.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Pyrotoz: The #GOPDebate is like watching a bunch of chimps throw their own shit at each other."
eng	negative	"My thoughts exactly. #FrothyMixture #GOPDebate   http://t.co/xccj3HGJq8"
eng	negative	"Disappointed (not surprisingly) that the #GOPDebate didn't include talk about #gunviolence. This is unconscionable. http://t.co/FntnF5ZeNU"
eng	negative	"The abortion portion of the #GOPDebate sure degenerated into one big "Let Mommy Die" Off, didn't it?"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was a joke"
eng	negative	"After that hilarious #GOPDebate I think the only real candidates are  @HillaryClinton and @BernieSanders http://t.co/c6ulr4O8hE"
eng	negative	"RT @lesleyabravanel: My girl Hillary Clinton whips and nae naes like nobody's business. That's why Trump had to pay her to come to his wedd…"
eng	negative	"RT @Dreamweasel: FOX NEWS: "Why is a smug, sexist asshole that people support bc he's a smug, sexist asshole acting like a smug, sexist ass…"
eng	negative	"I couldn't help myself... Why GOP Candidates Need a Pageant Coach. #GOPDEBATE #BLOG http://t.co/wj05xZksA0 http://t.co/Jpxno0Jo5A"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: Megyn Kelly is acting like an SJW repeating @PPact talking points &amp; taking insults against feminists personally. Waste of space!…"
eng	negative	"Absolutely terrifying. #Trump #GOPDebate http://t.co/m2leGhw8fJ"
eng	negative	"Ugh to think there were actually people sitting on their couch last night saying YES YES THIS IS REASONABLE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @goldengateblond: Megyn Kelly better be careful with her tone or she'll be called the worst thing possible: a feminist. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul came off as a little petty man with Napoleon complex. Blah #tcot #trump #GOPDebate  https://t.co/hzryAMnGsZ"
eng	negative	"RT @ergeekgoddess: Yo #GOPDebate, I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish. But #JonStewart had one of the best TV shows of all time.…"
eng	negative	"How dare @megynkelly ask @realDonaldTrump his history of being a male chauvinist! Do we expect our president to have integrity?! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @clairechansen: Hey Trump, refraining calling women "fat pigs" and "whores" isn't being politically correct, it's being a decent human. …"
eng	negative	"RT @JesseCox: This just in: women have less rights then babies. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AdamSmith_USA: democrats watching the #GOPDebate http://t.co/MuSUto1iRh"
eng	negative	"RT @NicoleT_E86: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz I used to like you but not anymore. You should read the tweets - you did an awful job tonight. #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Scott Walker Forces Women To Carry Rapists’ Pregnancies &amp; Let Men Sue Over Abortion #GOPDebate http://t.co/yziVIpQAnx @B…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: And was cheered! Shame, #GOPDebate: Trump responds to Megyn Kelly's questions on misogyny – with more misogyny http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate in 6 seconds: https://t.co/8hZOwUufpo"
eng	negative	"RT @einial: Did Rubio's ears get bigger during this debate? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Would you really let a mother die, rather than have an abortion?"  Was seriously being asked of a presidential hopeful in 2015. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	".@TajMagruder Say it with me, GOP: Bashing .@HillaryClinton is not a campaign platform! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@KyleBrandt in the #GOPDebate Fox made @megynkelly play the womens victim she wasn't professional. She was a raging B all night"
eng	negative	"Early2000s: I did political theater w/"Billionaires for Bush (or Gore)" re corruption of $ in politics. #GOPDebate Trump: "I buy 'em all!""
eng	negative	"RT @TinyMuslimah: Everybody wanna be a Jesus freak till it's time to feed the poor. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @johneberkowitz: This sums up the #GOPDebate perfectly. http://t.co/d6p2W69Ea5"
eng	negative	"RT @BBCJonSopel: Listening to Donald #Trump2016 you get impression he could start a fight in an empty room #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheFriddle: I miss the days when conservatives wanted a @GOP Presidential candidate who was, you know, a conservative... #Trump #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @Tombx7M: Will someone please tell Megyn it's not about her. #kellyfile #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Fuck it last one and I'm done #GOPDebate #ChrisChristie http://t.co/QAmUqbetDc"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: Megyn Kelly on Trump: “He can’t just keep just going after everyone attacks him!” Yes, he can, Ms. "I’m Offended!" Feminist. #GO…"
eng	negative	"beeteedubs.  If you have to play 'Lesser-of-17-Evils' with your party ... perhaps you need a new party.  #p2 #tcot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: John Kasich Is A RINO. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Number10cat: I'm just glad there isn't a swimsuit round #GOPDebate http://t.co/tiTzlo93OF"
eng	negative	"#Petition: Exclude Megyn Kelly As A Host From Future Fox News Debates: https://t.co/DxnjJUXeLe (@change) #GOPDebate #debate #MegynKelly #GOP"
eng	negative	"Why can't our debates be more like the Founding Fathers?  http://t.co/01KulhlXSK  #GOPDebate #LNYHBT #TLOT #TCOT #P2"
eng	negative	"RT @docrocktex26: This is who wants to "lead" your country. This is who wants to make decisions on your behalf. This was their opening case…"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Scott Walker is dangerous. He is deep in his own world and is most comfortable there, it seems. Dangerous. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Lets not pretend the bar for POTUS is very high now.  Its somewhere between sh*t and syphilis #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"S/O to the GOP for being proud of defeating teachers union even though they just wanted higher wages #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TananariveDue: As @ShaunKing pointed out, #GOPDebate had a huge audience of POC ready to learn. What we learned was mostly just scary. …"
eng	negative	"RT @theblaze: Pundits incensed over @megynkelly's abortion question for @ScottWalker during #GOPDebate: http://t.co/m8hAmUusrZ"
eng	negative	"I don't give a flying fuck about what Hollywood celebs think about last night's #GOPDebate. They know who they want to win already. F-them."
eng	negative	"RT @PersianPolitik: @woodruffbets @thedailybeast And you just proved @realDonaldTrump point on bad journalists from the #GOPDebate can't ev…"
eng	negative	"RT @ChadHastyRadio: Really, the only people who seem upset with @BretBaier &amp; @megynkelly &amp; FOX are the people who backed Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Deb_Libby Half the Republican base has dementia. They probably found it riveting (when not confusing the TV w/the toaster). #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @marcorubio: This election better be about the future, not the past. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I don't agree with @megynkelly but she is by no means a bimbo, #DonaldTrump. As a woman, I find Trump's comments disgusting. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Christie comes across as a bully. But the bully that reminds you that he hurts people because it's in their best interests. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie tried to wrap himself in 9/11 (Giuliani-style) during the #GOPdebate. In doing so, he lied, twice. http://t.co/y6mUdmr66P"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: It’s embarrassing that a brilliant, stunning woman like Megyn Kelly uses SJW, feminist propaganda to attack Republicans. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @Kerryepp: A debate should be between 2 candidates. Not between a candidate and a moderator. The moderators should be time keepers only.…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate why do politicians stick to the same old topics, pro-life, pro-choice? gay marriage. Let it go..These are personal choices!"
eng	negative	"I mean, why should it matter if the questions were unfair? You didn't bother answering them anyway @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Didikatz: Mistake to think #GOPDebate would be fun. Seeing deep sickness US conservatism has become bastardized &amp; spawned by @FoxNews v…"
eng	negative	"After #GOPDebate, @realDonaldTrump still #1 with Twitter but loosing ground. http://t.co/tXiMY82SOQ http://t.co/cVclcb6UBM"
eng	negative	"RT @kumailn: "We have the military for a reason. To fuck shit up!!!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Jeb Bush refers to himself as Vito Corleone. I always thought he was Fredo.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TamaraCG: My new favorite gif is perfect. #GOPDebate http://t.co/uKdZ8O85Av"
eng	negative	"RT @Wordplay4Days: @Dreamdefenders were censored for taking these candidates ACTUAL words and posting these. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @learjetter: #FOXNEWS used crazy&gt; @DWStweets to stir the #drama pot, and that's unprofessional! @FoxNews #GOPDebate   @JulietteIsabell @…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheMattFowler: “Mr. Trump, this next question is for you. Please explain this pathetic taking of the Stone Cold Stunner” #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: The ONLY way @realDonaldTrump will ever be treated fairly by the media -&gt;   #GOPDebate http://t.co/5wYduo9v2K"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump hires actors for his announcement. How many did he pay to click the @DRUDGE_REPORT survey ? #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @libertyladyusa: Yes ma'am @ConservVoice @KerryPicket ~&gt; @megynkelly Megyn you disappointed me!   #GOPDebate 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @theLadyGrantham: Don't be Donald Trump dear, it's very middle class. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebate: Trump trumps Trump. @realDonaldTrump was biggest loser.    http://t.co/I4T3C2GMZO via @SFGate"
eng	negative	"I want to point on one more time, that a real question, in a real presidential debate was "what did God say to you?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Marco Rubio: Constitutional Right To Choose Was 'Egregiously Flawed Decision' http://t.co/U63WRh7mXN #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"His supporters don't seem to care he's just as corrupt as the politicians he calls stupid. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/8jnMnzSZBk"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Carly Fiorina called Hillary a liar 3x on @Hardball_Chris  Then not more than 5 minutes later, she says she never did that #Liar"
eng	negative	"I know the audience erupted last night re: @realDonaldTrump and Rosie line of ques, but how could you want that guy for a Prez? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"'Political Correctness' is a vile term, and people who invoke it as a slur are cowards. #GOPDebate http://t.co/n8pu1zOVBh"
eng	negative	"established #GOPDebate afraid someone willing to tell the truth would shake DC up https://t.co/MIa5T8YSWP"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: I knew the war in Iraq was a bad idea, just like I knew letting that blind guy cut Rand Paul's hair was a bad idea.  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @ArtIsWarUSA: #Democrats say Hail Hitlery #Socialist #DeathByDemocrat #Election2016 #StopHillary #GOPDebate #nazi #liberallogic http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @Elevat0rLady: Hopped on FB, and saw my friends recap of the #GOPDebate ... She wins. http://t.co/tpszBViD8O"
eng	negative	"RT @Mammals_Suck: I am shocked* that over an hour into the #GOPDebate &amp; there have been no Qs about Police Brutality &amp; #BlackLivesMatter   …"
eng	negative	"Maybe tweeting is just not your game. I know! Let's have a spelling contest with #profanity..U win #GOPDebate   https://t.co/9TaLiqmeZH"
eng	negative	"RT @JeffSimmons2050: #GOPDebate takeaway – Presence Matters. I see presence as a blend of believability,  articulation of #integrity w/ edg…"
eng	negative	"RT @JRehling: #GOPDebate Donald Trump is what Bruce Wayne would have turned into if his parents lived."
eng	negative	"RT @ali: I've compiled a chart based on polling rank versus time allotted to speak at the #GOPDebate. Walker, Paul most robbed http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"American women take note: When @@realDonaldTrump justified his piggish attacks on women at the #GOPDebate, not 1 man on stage called him out"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: If you "hate abortion" then you shouldn't defund Planned Parenthood because that's a surefire way to increase abortion…"
eng	negative	"Jeb looks like Beavis when he smiles. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Who needs comedy shows when you have the #GOPDebate?! Meanwhile #macdebate was kinda a snore 😴 Sorry Canada!  https://t.co/QIQvue3FSr"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: REMINDER: Family is important to Republican 2016 candidates, just not gay families. http://t.co/Cs0UsasSQS #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"Why can't our debates be more like the Founding Fathers, and less like game shows?  http://t.co/01KulhlXSK  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BernieSanders @ScottWalker that man did not say one intelligent thing. I mean... None of them did. #BernieSanders #GOPDebate #FeelTheBern"
eng	negative	"I have a serious #GOPDebate hangover today."
eng	negative	"RT @cfjwagner: The 4 scariest bugs. And I don't mean GOP candidates (RIMSHOT!) http://t.co/okC1TFczwW #GOPDebate #blog #writerslife http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @KEEMSTARx: The black guy is smart as fuck! #GOPDebate Trump should make him his VP."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly U disappointed me in last night's #GOPDebate. U should've asked @realDonaldTrump Q's that are pertinent 2 duties of a President."
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Every time that bell rings Rand Paul's little poodle ears keep perking up.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @WhineNot: Rush: "Not one of the 9 other candidates on the stage joined Megan Kelly in going after Donald Trump" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Rand Paul's haircut is really distracting. I almost yelled "Rand get your leash it's time for your walk."  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Tired of the shills in media for Hillary.  Will henceforth be known to me as #shillary.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @almightygod: Ben Carson: "God's a pretty fair guy." I guess he's never read the Bible. #job #pharaoh #shebears  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Cheap tactic by Rand Paul getting the same haircut as my poodle to distract me.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"John Kasich seems like a decent guy. Pity he's a republican. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pulmyears: Official photo from the big #FoxNews #GOPDebate last night: http://t.co/9YQGzvC2qV"
eng	negative	"Last night's #GOPDebate proved everything we already knew about the white patriarchal elitist homophobic party the GOP is."
eng	negative	""[Trump] has no integrity, no character, and no principles, and he's proud of it." - @MattWalshBlog  Agreed   #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @linnyitssn: Also funny how Constitution loving Republicans structurally violate the Constitution by bringing religion into politics. #G…"
eng	negative	"BLOWTORCH IRS!! I LIKE the sound of that!! #CriminalAbusesNOWPoised2POLICEOurHealthCare  GO Rick!!! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ZFlcfHEe3J"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate the fix was in from the get-go.First off, Question about pledging support should have been addressed directly 2 @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @KoryStamper: Lookups! "Misogynist" spiking @MerriamWebster (http://t.co/k7RBb12RLC). Trump, women, and the #GOPDebate: http://t.co/yXsj…"
eng	negative	"God is not speaking to you looney tunes. How about some real questions? #GOPDebate  https://t.co/FBO00Cn461"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "My God is named 'Bruce Springsteen'. Go listen to 'Jungleland' and get a fucking clue," -- Christie. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: My winner overall of today's #GOPDebate 's is @CarlyFiorina She really stood out among ALL GOP Candidates"
eng	negative	"Republicans Hate Gun-Free Zones But Held #GOPDebate In Gun-Free Zone  https://t.co/0rlAyowQW1"
eng	negative	"RT @lizadonnelly: Political nonsense last night. #GOPdebate (See all on my http://t.co/MOcgZtHBdZ site.)… https://t.co/xyaHGrr5vH"
eng	negative	"RT “@TeaTraitors: #GOPDebate was still Clown Show! I'm glad Head Clown Trump helping destroy GOP. http://t.co/pRy2QPCWfu””"
eng	negative	"You must admit, @realDonaldTrump throws #shade like #RHOA LOL! 😂😂😂 #GOPDebate  https://t.co/c9LUq1dwW3"
eng	negative	"RT @pillary56: There's a difference between not being politically correct and being a massive jerk, Mr. Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My thoughts: Perry and Fiorina must replace Paul and Kasich in the top ten. Jindal needs to step it up and replace Christie. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@krauthammer Sorry the downfall of Trump in last nights debate is greatly exaggerated #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Moderator: "@ScottWalker,when you 'rip up the Iran deal on day 1',what then?" Walker: "I remember tying yellow ribbons on trees." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CCalbos: "Tell us how god speaks to you.." What is happening? Is this real life?  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GusRamsey: SNL doesn't have a big enough cast to spoof this.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CCalbos: Huckabee: "the military is to kill people and break things." On behalf of military families...F you. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump's arrogance at the #GOPDebate: "I’ve used the laws of the country to my advantage." #NotThatGuy http://t.co/Rjtjr9iOAC"
eng	negative	"It's real scary that liberals are allowed 2 walk around after committing horrific crimes against humanity. #GOPDebate  #PlannedButcherhood"
eng	negative	"I'd like to thank the other 9 candidates at the #GOPDebate who took Trump to task for once again trying to #FatShame @Rosie. But, I can't..."
eng	negative	"@brendohare great battle last night by premier teenage athletes. #GOPDebate http://t.co/pLGp4Aai2y"
eng	negative	".@FoxNews should replace @megynkelly with @marthamaccallum in future debates. MacCallum did a MUCH better job in early debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump, Democratic Spy? http://t.co/8N9MvTKN4u @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders #trump #DonaldTrump #Hillary2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate or Old White Rich Conservative Dudes on Parade. That's a childhood nightmare of mine."
eng	negative	"Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/v1desifyee"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: I not only made Hillary Clinton go to my wedding, but I also made her be my Best Man.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul could drop out of top 10 w dreadful, petulent debate. Fiorina moves up #gopdebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @nerdist: I gotta say it's refreshing to hear a presidential debate where everyone is correctly pronouncing "nuclear" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GogoAleee: IG Deleted DD Account after we participated in the #KKKorGOP hashtag during the #GOPDebate http://t.co/jNYRNOPngx via @Dream…"
eng	negative	"RT @CrazyClarine: lol! RT @The3o5FlyGuy: Watching the #GOPDebate like... http://t.co/zOwJcU2baZ"
eng	negative	"RT @sjadetx: My thoughts on the #GOPDebate http://t.co/BT7glNYUoN"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomTexasMom: My LOVE for @megynkelly died tonight at the #GOPDebate #FoxNews #TrumpCruz2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
eng	negative	"Does Trump not realize he's a complete joke or?? I feel as though he would have caught onto that by now #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""ISIS! Islamic extremism!" Did I doze off when they spoke of the right wing Christian extremism that is plaguing our country? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""How do you earn a Jeb? And how is Jeb going to earn this nomination?" @tnyCloseRead http://t.co/BKOWYl34ft #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Va. GOP leaders praise debate performances. Trump's, not so much. http://t.co/Ul5pgAq4UH #Election2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson identifying the left's use of Alinsky tactics? Masterful. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lizzwinstead: Mike Huckabee. You are broken. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @coleasschneider: FYI, the real terror is Donald Trump's hair. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@JebBush and @HillaryClinton can have pretty much the same donors, but let's make a big deal because Trump said "fat pig." #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	negative	"RT @TKrypt_: MOTIVE: These guys REALLY REALLY want to get elected so they can get their hands on this kind of money #GOPDebate http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT “@TeaTraitors: #GOPDebate was still Clown Show! I'm glad Head Clown Trump helping destroy GOP. http://t.co/nwGx8G8JWr”"
eng	negative	"I would love 2 see a debate where there are fact checkers &amp; if u make like 5 false statements u are disqualified from the debate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dominionIN: Blimey! #GOPDebate #Foxnews  @FoxNews @piersmorgan http://t.co/GtXRtJ8yBN"
eng	negative	"So I've watched #GOPDebate (pl don't judge me) for some education &amp; stuff (prez debates are class tbh - Romney in prev yr). Disappointing."
eng	negative	"RT @bmangh: #GOPDebate was like #JackNicholson driving his fellow patients around in "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest." http://t.co/lRpXQgx4…"
eng	negative	"RT @lizadonnelly: Visually, the #GOPDebate could have used more dancing, IMHO. My cartoon roundup in tweet drawing!! https://t.co/SJiZ8A2ZUf"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: Lindsey Graham has never met a war he's afraid to send your kids to.  #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"When @realDonaldTrump hears what iSaid about him during TV interview on #gopdebate he'll call me a dog...Ruff ruff😏 http://t.co/pyJ4HUhgjE"
eng	negative	"RT @TXDemParty: If you agree that none of these guys should ever be president, add your name ➡️ http://t.co/o7oSxwKQ98 #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @Nottinghams1: #GOPDebate #MegynKelly is a media whore"
eng	negative	"RT @el_deego: Hey @FoxNews, why wasn't #DeflateGate a bigger talking point last night? Makes me think the whole debate was a sham. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"Not much fact checking of the #GOPDebate because we have just accepted that Republicans will lie about everything. #PostTruthSociety"
eng	negative	"RT @cerenomri: I thought we fought the Revolution against the quartering of troops in wartime #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TajMagruder: Hillary got 19 mentions at the #GOPDebate and the middle class got 2. Really, what would they talk about if not her?"
eng	negative	"RT @808s_n_cupcakes: Bruh RT @blowticious: Pro-life Republicans be like #GOPDebate http://t.co/dgu7yJ9IeX"
eng	negative	"RT @Shaughn_A: I can think of at least 1 person @CarlyFiorina shld've replaces. Was @JebBush even on the #GOPDebate stage? 😕  #tcot http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @jonesmarkh: Friendly reminder that a focus group is not a poll #GOPDebate  https://t.co/MheK8YWGLH"
eng	negative	"And then there was the moment things got really weird... #GOPDebate http://t.co/fCo3kzPVQE"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump Shares Post Calling Megyn Kelly a 'Bimbo' Following Republican Debate | MRCTV http://t.co/ZaII5AQsii … #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @seanhannity: .@tedcruz: “I think the real divide is whether we’re going to have Republicans that actually do what we said we would do.”…"
eng	negative	"rather than #FactCheck the #GOPDebate ,  much easier just to tell us if they got anything right? @UniteBlueCA  https://t.co/ze7eYwPBMP"
eng	negative	"I feel like they are just throwing Carson scraps. Ask him real questions find out what his policies are #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@NRO = jed + rubio  (no thanks)   @AlexConant @marcorubio #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @IamGMJohnson: "I listen to the American People" (As long as they are not immigrants, blacks, latinos, lgbtq and women) #GOPDebate #kkko…"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: I guess the lesson is: if you watch the #GOPDebate, be prepared to pay the price."
eng	negative	"At the second break, @Newsweek's #GOPDebate bingo has just six empty spaces left http://t.co/8KiDHDJrVi"
eng	negative	"Overall I'm disappointed by the #GOPDebate Trump was entertaining Carson killed it but spoke the least. Im not impressed with most answers."
eng	negative	"RT @62Valdovinos: @POTUS just watched the #GOPDebate  He got a good laugh. #UniteBlue #LibCrib #TYT #tcot #topprog #p2 #TNTweeters http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @lizzwinstead: WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO CALL WOMEN PIGS AND WHORES MORE. WE HAVE TO TAKE AMERICA BACK! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BillyCorben: Fortunately the 'Straight Outta Compton' commercial spent more time on "the civil rights issue of our time" than the #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Trump has 5 companies that went bankrupt, and he wants to fix the U.S. Debt?  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""#Fox News doesn't work for the #Republican party. The Republican party works for Fox News." --David Frum #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OGOPer: This NYer will work hard to replace @SenSchumer Chuck Schumer to vote against Iran nuclear deal http://t.co/264dWH6bBi #IranDea…"
eng	negative	"RT @gillistrill: My mom &amp; I submitted this question for the #GOPDebate and sadly we got no answer :( https://t.co/s7IyySmDFV"
eng	negative	"Candidates went after @HillaryClinton 32 times in the #GOPdebate-but remained silent about the issues that affect us. http://t.co/GwYirupOyo"
eng	negative	"RT @laprofe63: #WishfulThinking! #GOPDebate showed quite plainly how NOT prepared any of those men (+1 woman) are 2 lead nation. https://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @sarahkendzior: Can't believe people are writing real articles about who won #GOPDebate. We *all* lost #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: Fox News keeps hammering, according to plan, how great Carly Fiorina was last night—but I don't remember a word she said. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @KatiePavlich: "The military is not a social experiment. Their job is to kill people and break things" -Huckabee #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Relevant Song of the Day - THE BOXER,Simon Garfunkle i.e. 'candidates  debate' http://t.co/0UxvHaE4UX #gopdebate #politics 📷 @WTCPolitics1"
eng	negative	"RT @ExtremeLiberal: Is God going to be like the Co-president or something? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I guess the lesson is: if you watch the #GOPDebate, be prepared to pay the price."
eng	negative	"RT @emmaladyrose: Here's why it was so frustrating to watch the #GOPDebate as a woman http://t.co/xXcH8PXagF"
eng	negative	"RT @ZwigZag: Can we ask Scott Walker why he's disenfranchising hundreds of thousands of people with voter ID laws? #GOPDebate #debatewithbe…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheAvgBlackMan: In GOP land the year is about 1955 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @EthanEllis32: From 2001-2009 Donald Trump was a Democrat. We can only assume he was confused and thought Democrats still supported slav…"
eng	negative	"Biggest issue in last night's #GOPDebate?  Lack of #leadership. Check out my comments here: http://t.co/ypQZM8y218 http://t.co/PRny71sHYc"
eng	negative	"#llama2016 running away from the other GOP candidates after the #GOPDebate http://t.co/TIntR7P9po"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: Trump Is A RINO. #GOPDebate http://t.co/eW7bPOqD5B"
eng	negative	"RT @GloriaMalone: Watching the #gopdebate you should check out #kkkorgop and http://t.co/9agQnL83s9. http://t.co/NDyqvlp8DY"
eng	negative	"RT @rachael_firefly: #blacklivesmatter received only 30 seconds at the #GOPDebate . That speaks volumes."
eng	negative	"RT @jennpozner: #GOPDebate Q "Would you really let a mother die rather than have an abortion?" Scott Walker, straight-faced: "I'm pro-life.…"
eng	negative	"Bingo #GOPDebate #KochBrothers  #Puppets Wined and Dined last weekendas planned #Shameful  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  https://t.co/1S2uLTnxoe"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: "Let's imagine Obama ate a baby. It's not a question. Let's just imagine it." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump Is A RINO. #GOPDebate http://t.co/eW7bPOqD5B"
eng	negative	"@Mr_Landshark Saint Genesius of Rome: Patron Saint of Comedians #GOPDebate http://t.co/0uPbQMymTs"
eng	negative	"RT @tylercreighton: Weird. The GOP candidates didn't want to talk about the billionaires funding their campaigns. http://t.co/C4VDTHr3SD #G…"
eng	negative	"rubio is off the radar    #gopdebate @NRO @AlexConant @marcorubio"
eng	negative	"Regardless of who won the #GOPDebate it was clear that women's rights lost. #StandwithPP #prochoice  https://t.co/MCeMS58R9I"
eng	negative	"REMINDER: Marco Rubio Abandoned #ImmigrationReform So He Could Run For President http://t.co/rIQRabv3al #GOPDebate http://t.co/ICXWvlJKY8"
eng	negative	"The winner of last night's debate was @HillaryClinton. And the loser was all women if any of those men end up in the Oval Office. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShanePaulNeil: Why are they handing Hillary the Dem nod? #earnthisdamnvoteorlose  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hey @FoxNews, why wasn't #DeflateGate a bigger talking point last night? Makes me think the whole debate was a sham. #GOPDebate #HailSatan"
eng	negative	"Here's why it was so frustrating to watch the #GOPDebate as a woman http://t.co/Gd6rVBHz4P via @HuffPostWomen"
eng	negative	"RT @JeremyLHeath: I'm... is she saying she is regretting having the baby? That's kind of how this reads. #GOPDebate #tcot #prolife  https:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @lsarsour: It's Islam not Izlam. Muslims not Mozlems. When will we get it right? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AliceWHunt: If it don't free us, it enslaves us. Dr Brittney Cooper #GOPDebate @ProfessorCrunk @CTS_Chicago @OneNabi @DrValerieB"
eng	negative	"@CarolCNN Stop stoking dishonesty.  @megynkelly head has gotten so big due to her quick rise at #FoxNews and she's a drama queen #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @zzcrane: I beg you Donald trump supporters to reconsider. He is easily influenced politically &amp; monetarily.   #GOPDebate #tlot #tcot #W…"
eng	negative	"Fox's Todd Starnes Bashes #MegynKelly: 'Are You Freaking Kidding Me?' http://t.co/Qw7Xw0awxO (VIDEO)  #GOPDebate http://t.co/XD19F7JMSI"
eng	negative	"RT @ironghazi: Finally someone talking about the real issues #GOPdebate http://t.co/ttcdKtnMUt"
eng	negative	"RT @keithboykin: I wish Republicans would stop saying the military is too small. We spend more on defense than every other nation on the pl…"
eng	negative	"RT @ColMorrisDavis: #GOPDebate recap: Men who said "hell no, I won't go" when they had military service chance saber-rattle w/the blood of …"
eng	negative	"RT @MichelleHux: #GOPDebate mod: would you really let a mother die rather than get an abortion?  Scott Walker: yes &amp; i defunded planned par…"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly's snarky hot chick routine works on her show, but had no place at the #GOPDebate. She came off amateurish."
eng	negative	"RT @JeetendrSehdev: Political debates teach marketers how not to message to audiences today. Be direct don't deflect! #GOPDebate @OrlandoDi…"
eng	negative	"RT @jennpozner: #insomniactivist 3:52am. Fine, I give up. Turning on DVR, watching #GOPDebate. Trump's @Rosie crack: does he think he's sti…"
eng	negative	"RT @NETRetired: #GOPDebate #DebateQuestionsWeWantToHear  @SpeakerBoehner has no economic bills &amp; continues 2 waste taxpayer $$, why? http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @VictoriaNoir89: All of the jokes aside, the #GOPDebate moderators gave weak questions and candidates gave weak answers. Good luck again…"
eng	negative	"RT @emmyrossum: This is how my kid feels about the #GOPDebate. http://t.co/m8e1gWOtf2"
eng	negative	"RT @EthanEllis32: Pretty sure Republicans consider Straight Outta Compton to be a horror movie #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @AstroKatie: Why be politically correct when you can be politically factually wrong about everything known to science? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @G_Humbertson: Trump claimed last night that he's given most of his opponents money. Actually, just one. #GOPDebate http://t.co/xztTCvMP…"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: ✔️ @FoxNews was totally fair to @realDonaldTrump especially in the 1st 2mins of the #GOPDebate http://t.co/6W3EpMpOeJ"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Scott Walker talking about what he'll do as President being "just like what I did in Wisconsin" is so scary. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Jerusalem_Post Hope you watched how US Republicans condemned Obama on #IranDeal at the #GOPDebate. #MikeHuckabee's was the most blistering."
eng	negative	"Thoughts on #GOPdebate: Trump had so much more time than everyone because he can't answer ?s succinctly. Or at all #NotTrump #anyonebut"
eng	negative	"RT @kharyp: #DonaldTrump Finally Called Out For Insulting Women As ‘Fat Pigs, Dogs, Slobs, And Disgusting Animals’ http://t.co/fE6kZ2mmmB #…"
eng	negative	"RT @TrumpIssues: An illegal alien can be deported 5 X, make it back into the country, kill an American woman, but Trump can't call someone …"
eng	negative	"RT @pistolsnpoetry: I am howling. #GOPDebate http://t.co/BNv5ohXZLK"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Scott Walker is so pro-life he didn't make an exception for rape, incest of life of the the mother for his 20-week abo…"
eng	negative	"RT @fakedansavage: Huckabee: Illegals, pimps, prostitutes aren't paying their fair share! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: Uhhh..@brithume most of us didn't like @megynkelly questioning of everyone..very ungentlewomenly! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My LOVE for @megynkelly died tonight at the #GOPDebate #FoxNews #TrumpCruz2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
eng	negative	"RT @TH3R34LTRUTH: #Rubio said he was worried about all the people who can't get in. How about worrying about those born here 4a change #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @toddstarnes: Hey conservatives - you have a friend at the Fox News Corner of the World. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate’s Biggest Winners–And Losers http://t.co/dW6irephdM Latins Think All GOP Lost Because #ImmigrationReform #TNTVote #AINF #Latis…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Am I the only one who noticed that Donald Trump admitted to bribing public officials?"
eng	negative	"Remind me again, is it the winners that complain about the officiating #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDiStef: As an Australian watching the #GOPDebate, this is simply most awesome and batshit insane political event I've ever seen."
eng	negative	"I don't know who runs @realDonaldTrump's Twitter feed, but Gawd...Grow up Donald! Put on your big boy pants and stop whining! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RubinReport: Hey Huckabee, you're not allowed to talk about science related to abortion when you don't believe in climate change. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: #GOPDebate in a nutshell via Vote True Blue 2016 http://t.co/5rfh5zbnPm"
eng	negative	"RT @frogi26: The are no illegal humans in the world how is that they are keep calling Latinos illegals #latinosunidos @EspuelasVox @FoxNews…"
eng	negative	"On social media conservatives expressed outrage at @megynkelly and @FoxNews for #GOPDebate "friendly fire" questions http://t.co/Vpa9RIycA0"
eng	negative	"They were treating lives as pawns.  Polices should stand or fall on their merit, not on their conservativeness. #GOPdebate    It's telling."
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: #NRA leaders lobbied to prevent military commanders from asking questions about service members’ privately owned guns #G…"
eng	negative	"Trump WOULD NOT take a Pledge NOT to run 3rd Party- DISQUALIFIED- GET OUT #Tcot #ccot #RedNationRising #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The format for the next #GOPDebate has to change. Make it 3hrs. 8:00 to 11:00 with all candidates on stage. We deserve this! #outnumbered"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate takeaway – Presence Matters. I see presence as a blend of believability,  articulation of #integrity w/ edge &amp; track record."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Dead-eyed Walker,Granny Bush,Oozy Cruz,I'm-a-Big-Boy Rubio,Curly Paul, Smarmy Uncle Huck (+VP wannabees: Kasich,Carson &amp;Christie)"
eng	negative	"RT @coldpizzaparty: Makes me so sad to see working people against basic public goods like education and the environment  #debatewithbernie …"
eng	negative	"RT @ObeyDlaw: @GroverNorquist @ChrisChristie No. He got his nose rubbed in dog shit for standing on the back of terror victims. #GOPdebate …"
eng	negative	"RT @Sanddragger: .@FoxNews is having a hard time covering for .@megynkelly She put her colleagues in a bad spot. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JoeMyGod: First two ads during the debate: denture adhesive and memory pills. #CoreFoxAudience #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AllenWestRepub "Dear @JebBush #GOPDebate #NotAMistake http://t.co/E1SmU0Hn5J""
eng	negative	"@ThePatriot143 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Trump didn't need a lot of rope to completely hang himself. He's an embarrassment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AllenWestRepub "Dear @JebBush #GOPDebate #NotAMistake http://t.co/T7MGjn2vEr""
eng	negative	"RT @NARALColorado: There are 10 men fighting about who can wreak the most havoc on women’s health. #GOPDebate #WorstContestEver #StandWithPP"
eng	negative	"@bmangh Then the mutants at the  Democrat abortion fest will thrill you. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OhNoSheTwitnt: Probably the funniest thing about this whole circus is that we're all calling this "the real debate." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Dump The Duncald" #Dunce #Donald #GOPDebate #Decision2016"
eng	negative	"RT @TH3R34LTRUTH: Y'all seen the @GOP tweet Vote 4 who u think won the debate but only if you donate 25 bucks. U wonder y we hate you #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @TrumpIssues: Congress &amp; morons like @NancyPelosi can pass a bill WITHOUT reading it, but Trump better not call someone a slob. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"#rubio mis-statement on abortion record will do him some harm among conservatives #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @imuszero: Disappointed in @FoxNews coverage of #GOPDebate they acted like giddy amateurs at a sporting event using liberal media questi…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheRealEubanks: Next #GOPDebate #Trump needs to let me do something with that hair!!!!! #fashion"
eng	negative	"What...a bunch of jackwagons #GOPDebate #comedyoferrors  https://t.co/anUKB30eIi"
eng	negative	"RT @Oni_and_LaMae: For my fellow #tytlive folks without cable...but still watching @TheYoungTurks live coverage of the #GOPDebate! http://t…"
eng	negative	"@DWStweets references NH forum &amp; how only 1 of 14 mentioned income inequality #gopdebate #CityClub"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: When watching the #GOPDebate remember that "Jose didn't take your job, Goldman Sachs did. http://t.co/ChHZB49T0W"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate so the debate for POTUS comes down to who is the best insulter of + sized irrelevant lesbians? &amp; youre doing what 4 the people?"
eng	negative	"Oh, one more thing. Did anyone hear anything about affordable child care for working families last night in the #GOPDebate ? I didn't."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly megyn must want to be invited to more celeb parties in New York. #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @NARAL: .@BobbyJindal brags about how anti-choice his state is; @amprog report in 2013 said Louisiana was WORST state for women. #OwnIt …"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio Briefly Backed Immigration Reform Then Privately Berated DREAMers http://t.co/We77QdT3Kt #GOPDebate http://t.co/R406NpVEx5"
eng	negative	"RT @roelgk: Ignorant. Obnoxious. Repulsive. And Intolerable. Donald Trump is a pure JOKE! Americans cannot let this CLOWN become president!…"
eng	negative	"RT @GretchenCarlson: "Take a bottle of white out with me to Pres Obamas policies" @GovernorPerry #GOPDebate @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Such flailing&amp;whining about "political correctness" as a way to avoid answering any substantive Q on war/immigration/misogyny..."
eng	negative	"I bet Todd Palin consults Rand Paul on where to get his goatee trimmed when he visits KY #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ciscabecker: Hillary &amp; Obama watching the first #GOPDebate. http://t.co/NdnRdWrQyF"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Oh, Ted Cruz. You have the same pudding chin and beta-male energy that I do. Go into comedy. I can get you on at The Virg…"
eng	negative	"RT @HEAprez: And then there's those troubling things called facts that @ChrisChristie forgot in #GOPDebate. #TellingItLikeItIs http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: Any Conservative Who Thinks Chris Christie Won Last Night, You Need To Leave Our Party Immediately. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Can we stop making sweeping statements about other candidates policies. There are no absolutes #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Calling 911woth @lilymaxcooke  to try and save baby raccoons in a sewer only to find out its their natural habitat #dumbfucks #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bennydiego: The unplanned parenthood. #foxnews #gopdebate http://t.co/XO1ijogj3T"
eng	negative	"America in 2015 Doesn't Deserve Ben Carson http://t.co/pe4NrDzXoG via @ijreview @gop #gopdebate @realbencarson"
eng	negative	"RT @OITNB_Beyond: Democrats watching the #GOPDebate tonight!!! This is a comedy hour!!! http://t.co/kKrpmE1XCE"
eng	negative	"RT @lexi4prez: Drinking game: take a shot every time a republican shames immigration or planned parenthood #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""I'm a new kind of Republican moving the party forward! But women shouldn't have control over their own bodies!" ~ Republicans #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @snowlady09: @megynkelly #GOPDebate You should have been objective your bias got in the way I can only wonder who's agenda you were carr…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyBowers: Asking about God violates  Article VI, paragraph 3 of the Constitution: "There will be no religious test for office." #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @DoriaBiddle: Jeb Bush: "Knowing what we know now..."  We knew it then, idiot!  #Iraq #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomTexasMom: . @megynkelly nice attempt at provoking @realDonaldTrump to attack you instead of focusing on the issues. #epicFAIL #G…"
eng	negative	"Friendly reminder that a focus group is not a poll #GOPDebate  https://t.co/MheK8YWGLH"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@megynkelly's allegiance is to Murdock &amp; Ailes, not the American people. Understand this, you'll understand her. #kellyfile #…"
eng	negative	"RT @OhNoSheTwitnt: So are you people who are playing the drinking game dead yet? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DudeYouCrazy: Trump just missed a golden opp to say, "Know who else filed bankruptcy? 50 cent. And Fifty is a P.I.M.P. Sorry, Huckabee.…"
eng	negative	"#FOXNEWS used crazy&gt; @DWStweets to stir the #drama pot, and that's unprofessional! @FoxNews #GOPDebate   @JulietteIsabell @LadySandersfarm"
eng	negative	"RT @katyfromkansas: Get Your Free Tacos Tonight, Courtesy of Donald Trump http://t.co/imXpyfqRPQ via #startup @Eat24 #GOPDebate http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Searched online. I just find crap raving about the debate and FoxNews. How many questions did each get? Or time per? #tcot Thks!"
eng	negative	"@AC360 @donnabrazile American people are not going to put up with #PCPolice feelings #trumptruth is the pulse of #AmericanVoters #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Seductivpancake: "repeal Obamacare" is like playing a mana card in Magic: The Gathering for GOP candidates. It's an essential play. #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @Nitaina_: How can you deny the existence of something that shaped the country you're planning to run? #RaceBlindness #BenCarson #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @BernieSanders: Still waiting. Will Fox ask if it's appropriate for billionaires to buy elections? #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: Meet Scott Walker’s Paranoid, Insurrectionist Adviser On Police Violence Against African... http://t.co/0QHLjkfnGg"
eng	negative	"RT @mojowhoha: Check out @racewarspodcast with @Sherrod_Small @kurtmetzger on XM103 Sirius206 Wed @ 9pm est  Just Like the #GOPDebate it Ha…"
eng	negative	"RT @RachelADolezal: #GOPDebate would have been comical, BUT alienating "foreigners" and immigrants, bashing BLM &amp; Obama and bein generally …"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: White supremacist org Council of Conservative Citizens Platform on immigration. Sound familiar? #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @AnthonyCumia: Poor Ronald Reagan is stuck in this debate like a bad group text. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Working on a huge #GOPDebate social data story. Some interesting trends, such as Trump not having the most tweeted-about moment last night."
eng	negative	"RT @Dreamdefenders: QTNA: What is a "Hang-'em-by-the-neck Conservative" &amp; what other kinds are there? #GOPDebate #KKKorGOP http://t.co/3rFI…"
eng	negative	"@shutuphannuh I just convinced myself it was a very long SNL skit. If you look at it that way it's less terrifying. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Black males age 15 to 34 are more likely to be killed with a gun than to die by any other cause #GOPdebate #gunsense"
eng	negative	"RT @thomasjohnstn1: 10 wealthy, conservative men setting out the rights that women should and shouldn't be entitled to. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CJSullivan_: I hope in the next #GOPDebate, they get around to how to stop ISIS from terrorizing our movie theaters and black churches."
eng	negative	"RT @thehinestheory: Donald Trump wasn't kidding when he said he wasn't going to prepare for this debate... We can tell. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Thanks to #NRA influence, Congress slashed CDC funding for gun violence research #GOPDebate #gunsense"
eng	negative	"Congrats @megynkelly 4 calling out @realDonaldTrump 4 being the #pig that he is! #NeverWillBePOTUS #GOPDebate #Bernie2016"
eng	negative	"#DeathByDemocrat   Anything goes. No morals. No values. No respect for others. Jerked up by the ears. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JonFeere: Fox's @MegynKelly says she's "switching topics to national security and terrorism"... As if that doesn't involve immigration.…"
eng	negative	"it's scary how out of touch with the real world Republicans are. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: Donald Trump at the #GOPDebate be like: http://t.co/Ak10IHSCXC"
eng	negative	"RT @keithboykin: After #Ferguson, #Baltimore, #Cleveland, #McKinney, #SandraBland and #SamDubose, not one question about #BlackLivesMatter …"
eng	negative	"Your wife @MELANIATRUMP looks exactly like @Caitlyn_Jenner. Get her a better plastic surgeon. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/w0kxqFX7cu"
eng	negative	"In the #GOPdebate I noticed that they kept talking about policies in terms of being conservative or not, as opposed to good or not."
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebate from last night. Ouf, it's tough hearing Donald Trump speak. Gonna be a long road to the Republican nomination."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump posted #MeanTweets about my boy @FrankLuntz. I'm glad he had the good taste to avoid ugly comments about hair. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who else saw the 10 Horsemen of the Apocalypse at the #GOPDebate last night?"
eng	negative	"RT @TC_Watkins: @DomenicoNPR @MediaEqualizer crazy that Cruz only got 3 mins at debate #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LinguisticShit: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." Oh it is? I thought it was about protecting a nation'…"
eng	negative	"Someone has something to say to @LindseyGrahamSC #GOPDebate  https://t.co/gMa5XoJqHY http://t.co/rJ0rZ1Zmn2"
eng	negative	"I'm pretty sure Trump's popularity indicates there are just as many Republicans trolling this primary as Democrats. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @laina622: The king of resting bitch face #GOPDebate http://t.co/PvOS66iH2R"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump the other repubs didn't have attack orders bc @foxnews had the attack order. #gopdebate @rushlimbaugh"
eng	negative	"Regardless of who you think won the #GOPDebate the real loser was all of us."
eng	negative	"RT @mojowhoha: @racewarspodcast Wed at 9pm est On XM103 Sirius 206 with @Sherrod_Small &amp; @kurtmetzger just as Funny as the #GOPDebate #Mark…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate is my new favorite comedy sitcom."
eng	negative	"Look at that affirmative action letting that black man stand with those nine white guys @BenCarson2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ScottWGraves: F**K @realDonaldTrump and those who would actually abandon their conservative values in support of his ridiculous candida…"
eng	negative	"RT @fakedansavage: American Women: Scott Walker thinks your fetus should live, you should die. Rubio thinks you should bear your rapist's b…"
eng	negative	"Trump would put the POS in POTUS #GOPDebate #scary #ReallyAmerica"
eng	negative	"RT @ddiamond: Three stats you didn’t hear in #GOPdebate.  Since 2009…  · U.S. has gained 8.1 million jobs · Unemployment rate ↓ 68% · Unins…"
eng	negative	"&gt;@realDonaldTrump has now spent more time attacking @megynkelly on Twitter than he spent on any #GOPdebate subject. http://t.co/L9WWPiEHdI"
eng	negative	"Rubio Budget Raises MiddleClass Taxes, Adds $4.5T Deficit, Cuts InvestmentTax To $0 http://t.co/9S9NuVSAf7 #GOPDebate http://t.co/z9v38Vhi03"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: Yes, @JebBush Obama's dividing the country by creating jobs, ending wars, achieving diplomacy w/ Iran &amp; giving people Healthca…"
eng	negative	"Based on tweets about the #GOPDebate, it doesn’t even sound like the candidates touched on topics that matter."
eng	negative	"RT @luchadora41: Trump: ‘I Would’ Shut Down the Gov’t to Defund Planned Parenthood and Obamacare http://t.co/XiwhA8kjf7 Woot! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It took the @POTUS 5 DAYS 2 lower the flag 2 honor soldiers killed in #Chattanooga, but Trump better not call a woman slob. #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	negative	"I think @megynkelly fancies herself a kingmaker. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: 😂 @AnnCoulter "Jeb looks more like Caitlyn Jenner every day." http://t.co/d41aAmLNBj #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @YvetteCooper_MP: Here's Donald Trump channelling his inner c*nt at the #GOPDebate http://t.co/7atHCmpMuR"
eng	negative	"RT @Brenkoski: 37% of the time during the #GOPDebate was the commentators questions &amp; digs at @realDonaldTrump Terrible 1st debate hosted b…"
eng	negative	"I see Marco Rubio is still thirsty. #TrumpchoseCrist #GOPDebate #youmadbro http://t.co/TX5hLqiT2R"
eng	negative	"RT @GovtsTheProblem: Did @FoxNews, which excluded the only woman in @GOP field from first debate, ask Trump if he was part of the "war on w…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump insulted @megynkelly and ALL women and not one man on stage confronted him. None of them are worthy to be President. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Yes ma'am @ConservVoice @KerryPicket ~&gt; @megynkelly Megyn you disappointed me!   #GOPDebate 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Women were biggest losers last night @DWStweets #gopdebate #CityClub No mention of income inequality or even voters rights on 50th anniv"
eng	negative	"RT @FauxTimesNews1: #GOPDebate Democrats’ debate will be different. There Hillary Clinton will debate herself, changing her mask every 5 mi…"
eng	negative	"I've known Donald Trump was crazy ever since I saw my first bottle of Trump Ice. #DonaldTrump #GOPdebate http://t.co/vYjQt1fjYX"
eng	negative	"More #GOPDebate s pleeeease.  @FoxNews But no Jeb.  Fewer peeps and LOTS of questions.  Not about Rosie.  #Trump #Fiorina #Jindal #Gilmore"
eng	negative	"WATCH #MegynKelly Burns #DonaldTrump 'You Called #Women Fat Pigs &amp; Digusting Animals' #USA #GOPDEBATE https://t.co/VViA1NUyLd via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @rolandsmartin: SHAME ON Brett Baier, Chris Wallace, @MegynKelly. Today is the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act and no question…"
eng	negative	"RT @ReadyForCruz: You're asking wealthy white men about entitlement reform? What? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#RandPaul Gets Less Than Half the Time of ‘#TheDonald’ During #GOPDebate:  http://t.co/pQeDCJOVWw  #RandPaul2016 http://t.co/FUwGuV5CQF"
eng	negative	"The accuracy of it is mind blowing... #GOPDebate http://t.co/xSXTYuykwp"
eng	negative	"And for the record, the #GOPDebate was NOT a debate.  It was Fox and the Koch bros interviewing each candidate.  It was a FARCE. Vote Bernie"
eng	negative	"RT @jarodzsz: i'm really disappointed that no one threw their prosthetic leg last night at the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Trump lowered the bar for #Jeb, who smacked his head into it  #GOPClownCar #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump shows his true colors at the GOP debate - http://t.co/BWIpvDCMQy #GOPDebate #Trump #Garybusey"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie to @RandPaul:  after all youre just on committees and more privy about secret information than i am #jealousmuch  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBardockObama: Someone ask Jeb Bush if jet fuel can melt steel beams please #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: Now is NOT a time to be wavering in ANY way towards #Israel, @RandPaul! We have done enough damage to them with #Obama. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebate was just a bunch of non-answers and one liners. How is the public supposed to be informed and vote responsibly with this crap?"
eng	negative	"Really, Marco Rubio won last night's #GOPDebate? Which debate was I watching?"
eng	negative	"RT @bethanyshondark: Listen brain surgery is impressive. But I don't understand how being able to do that landed Carson on this stage. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"@Veribatim Agreed. I think Walker under performed at the #GOPDebate. Disappointing as he is who I'm leaning towards. #UnaffiliatedStill"
eng	negative	"RT @andrewklavan: This is basically my take-away from tonight's #GOPDebate. http://t.co/qtYyoWKLNG"
eng	negative	"@HumanityRead Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"@optionmonster @bpeck @HalftimeReport yes the logos were all over the screen, but the actual #GOPDebate feed on Facebook was awful."
eng	negative	"RT @JessicaValenti: Sorry, if there's a God she's not in that building. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That debate was a joke #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Because of @FoxNews the American People truly learned nothing from the #GOPDebate. Such irrelevant questions asked by the moderators.#Fail"
eng	negative	"Did Donald Trump just openly admit to buying candidates ....? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Mamadoxie: YES @rushlimbaugh. We're waiting on your take on the excellent performances by the #GOPDebate candidates and the HORRENDOUS …"
eng	negative	"RT @jodiecongirl: I feel like whenever politicians are asked about the economy they respond with how they can make puppies and unicorns app…"
eng	negative	"F**K @realDonaldTrump and those who would actually abandon their conservative values in support of his ridiculous candidacy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"All hail The Supreme Being Ronald Jesus Reagan #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump should do like Obama and refuse to communicate with #PoxNews for saying anything he doesn't like.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That #GOPDebate last night was ridiculously biased against @realDonaldTrump the moderators were very unprofessional."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly Trump simply can't be harmed by his own impolitik statements. It's like trying to drown Aquaman. #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: Never Forget: Ted Cruz Never Supported Amnesty. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FierceFemtivist: Rand Paul went to #Ferguson...and #Baltimore?? Which Riot shield were you holding bruh?! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JoeMyGod: There is nothing better than watching these clowns out-Jeebus each other. NOTHING. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @megynkelly: .@FrankLuntz focus group gives low marks to @realDonaldTrump saying he’d consider third party candidacy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Nickcalves: Tell me this isn't @realDonaldTrump?? #GOPDebate http://t.co/tj5UEuQ8jM"
eng	negative	"RT @adammshankman: Wait! Did Huckabee just say something about the B-52s?!? Yaaaayyy! #loveshack #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"“@bennydiego: The unplanned parenthood. #foxnews #gopdebate http://t.co/C1fFLfYReu”"
eng	negative	"RT @matthewherper: Cruz: We need a commander in chief who makes clear that if you join ISIS you are signing your death warrant. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KathrynBruscoBk: The ignorance, stupidity, bigotry &amp; misogyny on the Fox hosted #GOPDebate last night was laughable,disgusting &amp; fright…"
eng	negative	"RT @iloanya1: Boy I'm not a #Hillary fan but damn we can't let any of these BOZOS become #POTUS...she can't be worse than these guys #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Trump claimed last night that he's given most of his opponents money. Actually, just one. #GOPDebate http://t.co/xztTCvMPlI"
eng	negative	"RT @ShabanaMir1: What scares me most about #GOPDebate : the people who break into storms of applause at misogyny &amp; crazy talk."
eng	negative	"Wouldn't debates be interesting if the questions were just asked, and whoever wanted to answer did. True personalities would show #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @amaraconda: ISIS is not islam jfc republicans talk all this shit about a terrorist group while dehumanizing every1 who follows islam fu…"
eng	negative	"RT @CocaineSoWhlte: Cocaine so white it's watching the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Rubio Says He Wants Border Fence, Visa Tracking System, But Voted Against Both to Pass Gang of Eight Bill http://t.co/Qt…"
eng	negative	"Trump Supporters ❤️ To Attack Other Conservative Followers 😳 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GrnEyedMandy: There are grown ass adult women on the Right who seem to enjoy being treated like incompetent children. #PlannedParenthoo…"
eng	negative	"@schmitte @RunningQuack93 @kendallclb it was indeed a good source of laughter and concern. #GOPDebate #OMGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @AverageChirps: In 3pm #GOPDebate, Fox "News" asked a REAL softball of a question: 2 words to describe Hillary. ALL SEVEN answered with …"
eng	negative	"RT @Maliheh_: @GrnEyedMandy Conservatives drag their knocked up daughters for an abortion &amp;go right back to protesting against pp the next …"
eng	negative	"RT @shhhhhionn: Trump calls everybody "clowns" and "puppets" because he believes, correctly, that he is at a children's birthday party. #GO…"
eng	negative	"The goal of #FoxNews last night was to take out Trump and pave the way for a RINO like Bush or Kasich. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kt_money: Newsflash: God is not real. Plan your government accordingly. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"New game! 1 person CAN'T win. Players close eyes &amp; try to find them by saying "Marco", &amp; waiting for the loser to reply, "Rubio". #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Unreleased footage of #RandPaul at the #GOPdebate last night. https://t.co/GEgoIrIeai"
eng	negative	"RT @ellenduffer: Hillary Clinton won the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RviydoGUTV: Donald Trump is like Sanjaya from American Idol. You know he won't win but you're curious to see how far he will go #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"Use "fewer" when you can count it, "less" when you can't. Freshman Comp 1. Just saying… #GOPDebate #WhenPoliticiansSpeak"
eng	negative	"Only person @realDonaldTrump had a problem with is @megynkelly -Trump has issues with women He doesn't respect women #GOPDebate #msnbc #cnn"
eng	negative	"RT @MrIanMacIntyre: On the FB post of last night's #GOPdebate, all the comments seem to be attacking Fox News for "attacking Trump". 😀😀😀 ht…"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Marco Rubio was asked after the debate, Q: how would you create jobs? A: Tax cuts 4 rich &amp; modify social security &amp; Medicare. : /"
eng	negative	"RT @CecileRichards: Hope &amp; the American Dream: For women, this means building the future they choose. The #GOPDebate was all about taking a…"
eng	negative	"RT @aurabogado: Half an hour into it, Donald Trump has made it clear he hates: women, immigrants, reporters, and leaders. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChristiAnne67: #GOPDebate fact check http://t.co/o3Q8r8dxN4 the lies, misinformation, &amp; spin.  #UniteBlue  Enough gop hypocrisy! http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @BailofRights: I'm officially calling pro-choicers "science deniers." #prolife #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not a single question in last night's #GOPDebate about the most urgent issue of our time: climate change."
eng	negative	"RT @Rebeksy: .@ChrisChristie have you USED the families of the 9/11 victims enough times for your own benefit? #ComeOn #tcot #GOPdebate #Fo…"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: #GOPDebate questions biggest problem was they were filled with  OPINION! Last night was not suppose to be about #MegynKelly …"
eng	negative	"Do you really think it's a coincidence that so many Fox News employees are defending Megyn Kelly right now? Orders. #tcot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JessicaValenti: Huckabee: Two drinks shy of a hate crime #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Somewhere Hillary is laughing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@randpaul says he won't be "bought and sold," but he will surrender to terrorists. #GOPDebate #tcot #paulforterror"
eng	negative	"RT @TrumpIssues: This prick can call the death of #KateSteinle a "little thing," but Trump can't call someone a dog. #GOPDebate #PC https:/…"
eng	negative	"@jdelreal Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"Preview of Donald Trump tonight at the #GOPDebate (Vine by @CaseyBake16) https://t.co/CRAEVHInKb"
eng	negative	"RT @justin_fenton: I'm expecting this guy to walk out any moment #GOPDebate http://t.co/LgL8l8LMgt"
eng	negative	"http://t.co/u7jxx1awyq via @youtube Very accurate and very much the root of our problems. And the #GOPDebate showed us just that. #Serfdom"
eng	negative	"@Krauthammer: "The real story is the collapse of (@realDonaldTrump) in this (#GOPDebate)." http://t.co/Csm0a7ddpz"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate all the candidates be like ' i did this that etc etc'"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: Republicans watching the #GOPDebate be like: http://t.co/gJY4Kx4Tyj"
eng	negative	"RT @samswey: Police violence has been a major issue this past year in America. They intentionally ignored black lives this #GOPDebate and w…"
eng	negative	"RT @Politics_PR: Our defense budget #GOPdebate http://t.co/V5rtVJrBq1"
eng	negative	"Nothing wrong with tough Q's if applied to all candidates, something not done by @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier #ChrisWallace #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BougieBlackGurl: How are y'all going to use the 5th &amp; 14th amendments to defend fetuses when y'all refuse to use it to defend living Bl…"
eng	negative	"Like honestly why does any one on that stage validate trump by talking about him or to him #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cliffschecter: Every time I see FoxNews focus group, I think, maybe dinosaurs deserve another chance #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Disappointed in my result, but certain I did better than @GovMikeHuckabee  http://t.co/IHN6yAaEet  #GOPDebate http://t.co/t1k4z0VuDr"
eng	negative	"RT @BiasedGirl: This douchebag doesn't know how to talk to decent people. Bill Clinton get Your Boy on a Leash #DumpTrump #GOPDebate https:…"
eng	negative	"It's fitting that today is #InternationalBeerDay after how the #GOPDebate went last night"
eng	negative	"RT @MissAmericaMN: "Defeating teachers?" We are better than this. My dream is to see educators &amp; doctors honored &amp; respected more than spor…"
eng	negative	"RT @GrnEyedMandy: Fox's lady viewers are pissed at Megyn Kelly. Doesn't Megyn know that a good RW woman takes men's sexism with a smile &amp; s…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: The #NRA gives millions to lawmakers - their annual budget is $350M. We must prevent them from making U.S. gun laws. #GO…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @DuffelBlog @TYFYS84 Okay, I just woke up.  When does the debate start?  Guys?"
eng	negative	"RT @DaTechGuyblog: Advice to #GOP candidates in order of how I think they finished 3rd place Ben Carson you'rve been noticed flesh it out  …"
eng	negative	"I love hearing all the #Trump Chumps whining about the #GOPDebate moderators. Maybe they should worry more about his lack of cogent ideas."
eng	negative	"RT @EllenRSullivan: This should be the last time @CarlyFiorina is referred to as a bottom tier candidate along with @BobbyJindal #Carly2016…"
eng	negative	"When a candidate comes out and says the winner of the #GOPDebate was a member of the other party, that's not good. It just happened."
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Immigration. Save Trump for the end. No one can follow GG Allin shitting onto the stage, guys. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @nickmartin: Donald Trump's most outrageous lines from the #GOPDebate tonight: http://t.co/tbdk1gtxND by @KT_thomps http://t.co/v3TltVJ0…"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump didn't like @megynkelly pressing question.  Resorts to calling her a 'bimbo'.  #GOPDebate #noclass https://t.co/Z6nQmfUxHg"
eng	negative	"I actually exclaimed out loud. Megyn Kelly your extensions are not fooling anyone and they don't look natural. #GOPDebate #Fashion"
eng	negative	"Now I know I was right about #GOPDebate. If Sally Kohn agrees with her, she was definitely out of line! https://t.co/JudMM4iT3j"
eng	negative	"From @GlennCook_NV: #GOPdebate marks beginning of the end for #Trump: https://t.co/VDBYGTLZGO, via @reviewjournal"
eng	negative	"Most depressing thing about #GOPDebate is that there will be no Jon Stewart on @TheDailyShow to make us laugh through the tears #JonVoyage"
eng	negative	"RT @ZeitgeistGhost: #GOP w/ #GOPDebate proved once again they ARE #TheStupidParty... and hateful bigots @JenLLM @bimmerella @jared812 @stph…"
eng	negative	"@lyndonjackmon Dearheart #BoyAboutTown is never upset about ppls views,no matter how misguided. After #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump is a non issue"
eng	negative	"RT @RickCanton: Am I the only one who noticed @realDonaldTrump admitting to not being a Republican?  It was a #GOPDebate, not an #IDontKnow…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly was a fan of yours until the #MSNBC i mean @FoxNews sponsored #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Leaders make tax-payers fund @Ppact even when it's against their beliefs, but Trump can't call a person a disgusting animal. #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	negative	"Problem: We need to stop gun crime. Solution: Use guns as a deterrent. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Sojourners Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @P0TUS: Oh, this'll be good. Watch ten grown men channel God on live TV before they offer closing statements on screwing the poor.  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: Not one word by @GOP Candidates about Income Inequality, Climate Change, Citizens United or Student Debt. #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @MGA_MKII: 1 of the most important issues of our time, #climatechange, not a single word from R candidates, blathering abortion #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"In midst of #GOPDebate came big blow to @BarackObama with announcement that leading Jewish Democrat, Sen. Schumer, won't back #IranDeal"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "...and...and...God." Holy shit. @megynkelly just summed up the entire Republican Party. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kimprussell: #GOPDebate My mother's mother's cousin's brother was God."
eng	negative	"RT @tnyCloseRead: How do you earn a Jeb? http://t.co/JKGx2Ojrwi #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Did Trump Implode in #FOXdebate? Special new @hlcpodcast #GOPdebate edition http://t.co/HEYhWpWUWx #mapoli #nhpolitics #mepolitics #trump"
eng	negative	"#InternationalBeerDay…because the whole world needs a drink after that oh-so-American #GOPDebate 🍺🇺🇸🍺😜🇺🇸🍺"
eng	negative	"RT @grindingdude: Biggest elephants in the room at last night #GOPDebate were #FOX panelists. Shoddy performance at best! http://t.co/vhIqq…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: In states that closed background check loophole, #DV and police shooting deaths and gun suicides cut almost in half #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @el_nuko: @Stonewall_77 @megynkelly @BretBaier @FrankLuntz @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump did #Jeb get 5, no 6 softball q's last night? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Conservatives CANT POSSIBLY Support a Candidate that DONATED TO HILLARY- EVER-this is ASININE #tcot #ccot #GOPDebate #RedNationRising #PJNET"
eng	negative	"RT @emily_hohman: Yes, please, let's hear more about what women should do with their bodies from people WHO ARE NOT WOMEN. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"lol! RT @The3o5FlyGuy: Watching the #GOPDebate like... http://t.co/zOwJcU2baZ"
eng	negative	"RT @prettyplusmore: What a shocker. #megynKelly can't stop giggling at herself EVEN AT A DAMN PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE!!!!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@GrnEyedMandy Conservatives drag their knocked up daughters for an abortion &amp;go right back to protesting against pp the next day #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LoganMBooker: I wish to god one of the moderators would ask these dudes about the #UGA quarterback battle.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"DUMBMASSES #IDIOCRACY #GOPDebate  https://t.co/C7fFOOErmn"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump would be a bad President, but an excellent Pro Wrestler. Finishing move: The Trump Card! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The media seem to be leaving out the most disturbing comments Trump made to Megan Kelly where he made a veiled threat to her. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @VerifiedDrunk: I'd love to do a body shot out of Marco Rubio's ears. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rush Limbaugh to Megyn Kelly "I know no Democrat Candidate would be treated the way Megyn Kelly treated Trump." #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kyleraccio: Fox News must be taking marching orders from RNC by their treatment of Cruz and Trump and Carson. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"On the FB post of last night's #GOPdebate, all the comments seem to be attacking Fox News for "attacking Trump". 😀😀😀 http://t.co/YuLgjreYvU"
eng	negative	"RT @BrianZahnd: My Native American friends get a kick out of white folks complaining about "illegals." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @amandagutterman: Trump wants to treat Mexicans like the white walkers #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @vohandas: They can argue about Hillary for 1hr but can’t even talk about police brutality for a full minute? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @andreagrimes: Carson: I don’t see color, I just see brains   #gopdebate http://t.co/cyuQBKB3XD"
eng	negative	".@Bipartisanism This was not at all talked about at the #GOPDebate http://t.co/4Wj0ZBZMqe"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Bottom Line:  Fox News lost the debate.  All the candidates have more integrity.   #GOPDebate  🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @MacandGaydos: Mac-#GOPDebate: kinda like prom night. Lots of anticipation, some fun moments, but nothing lasting. Glad I watched but un…"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #DonaldTrump #MegynKelly  To start debate with a loaded sexist question was unfair &amp; disgusting http:/…"
eng	negative	"Watching everyone complain about the #GOPDebate last night makes me glad I watched #CriticalRole instead. #Critters #NoContest"
eng	negative	"RT @Raddmom: @megynkelly you mean before you crash and burned- you're despicable- never watch your show again- EVER! #GOPDebate @realDonald…"
eng	negative	"Have a #GOPDebate 'hangover' today.  So much consumed...brain fried."
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: .@megynkelly so would you consider Trump part of the 'patriarchy?' Serious question. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ItsShoBoy: #GOPDebate Reveals @GOP Candidates’s Terrifying Fantasies About #Abortion http://t.co/GYjq13nW35 #TNTVote #AINF #tlot #p2 #t…"
eng	negative	"RT @aubreysitterson: My favorite moment from last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/Vnc4IslI7q"
eng	negative	"@keder they missed an "h" in that. It's supposed to read "Whiner: Donald Trump" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@woodruffbets @thedailybeast And you just proved @realDonaldTrump point on bad journalists from the #GOPDebate can't even describe it right"
eng	negative	"I would say that Trump appeared incompetent in the #GOPDebate, but that wouldn't be very nice."
eng	negative	"RT @NTagouri: Some politicians are so obsessed w protecting rights of fetuses but care nothing about rights of ppl who are alive, strugglin…"
eng	negative	"I for one am shocked that the party whose audience booed an American soldier applauded a rallying cry to be meaner to people. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @scrowder: Talking all things #GOPDebate. Specifically, the complete massacre that happened at the hands of Carly Fiorina. #LwC"
eng	negative	"RT @jaxonsl: It was not a debate, it was just a heavily biased Q&amp;A. RT @libertyladyusa: Done! That's it folks! I'm confused LOL   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@stephenmengland @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is starting to Implode but I doubt that his supporters even notice. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @princessomuch: Yes! And true of most religions: women are unclean sexual distracters &amp; men are hapless victims #religion #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	".@GovMikeHuckabee @FrankLuntz Haha. Dream on. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LilaGraceRose: .@megynkelly asks good question on track record of #pro-abortion position @realDonaldTrump. Answer: obfuscation from #Tr…"
eng	negative	"RT @PunkHistory: Congratulations to anyone who watched tonight's #GOPDebate and will respond tomorrow by starting a punk rock band."
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Ted Cruz really looks like a ventriloquist dummy. I'm not going to lie, it's freaking me out.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Clown show. #GOPDebate http://t.co/uyWu9jQcEx"
eng	negative	"RT @AJC4others: #GOPDebate  practiced answers R not impressive when u look at what they practice. Ignore what they say it's what they've DO…"
eng	negative	"I'm... is she saying she is regretting having the baby? That's kind of how this reads. #GOPDebate #tcot #prolife  https://t.co/cjy6PQrlS9"
eng	negative	"RT @elanazak: Here's why Fox News wasn't streaming #GOPDebate last night: http://t.co/7soOwGIuno http://t.co/wX5gO1thNu"
eng	negative	"the #GOPDebate : for whatever Ailes you.."
eng	negative	"RT @dccommonsense: "Our leaders are stupid! Our politicians are stupid! Well, it's a popular message. Even I liked it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The first GOP deuschbait day ends with no winners... anywhere. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#TheWorstPartOfDepressionIs not even the #GOPDebate results or watching the #GOPClownCar crash will make me smile..."
eng	negative	"RT @somethingwithin: And to think this is the party of Abraham Lincoln. Slavery would be alive and well if left to these folks. #GOP2015 #G…"
eng	negative	"#FOXNEWS focus groups are just as biased as the 3 Stooges who moderated the #GOPDebate. #FOXNEWS will lose viewers. #CNN #MSNBC #CBS #ABC"
eng	negative	"Basically #GOPDebate http://t.co/znxkpFq6y7"
eng	negative	"Carly Fiorina wrote an op-ed for us at IJReview after her performance last night.  http://t.co/LdQE8KG2ZW #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ESQPolitics "Zygote Americans" - the winingest takeaway of the winner of the #GOPDebate Thank you, Sir."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: Did Cruz Trump Trump? https://t.co/zMrfI7BoUc via @CR"
eng	negative	"FOX made an all out effort to take #DonaldTrump out. I hope his poll numbers catapult!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmberJPhillips: “And people rose up!” #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/V0qxraXbq0"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Ted Cruz thinks your birth control is an “abortion-inducing drug”  http://t.co/8O8FbzAfka #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump should purchase @FoxNews and relieve @megynkelly of her duties! #GOPDebate #tcot #Trump2016  https://t.co/TTp2x2gRRC"
eng	negative	"RT @LuthorCEO: #GOPDebate Winner: Me, because I didn't make an ass of myself by showing up to questioned by dumbasses. #LUTHOR2016"
eng	negative	"RT @speechboy71: Also losers and dummies RT @PeterBeinart: .@realDonaldTrump: only abort non-superstars #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JesseCox: Even God is rolling his eyes at these responses. We get it, you are super into Jesus. Just not what he does or says... #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Where do I find a YouTube compilation of all the ridiculous things said last night? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Just caught highlights of the #GOPDebate and it's super depressing because only 1 of them can be president in 2016 :/"
eng	negative	"RT @somethingwithin: "Thou shall not take the name of the Lord in vain." In other words, leave Me out of this debate. I'm cruising in Fergu…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly I WAS a big fan, watched your show nightly , until your LIB  attack on @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #NoKellyFiles #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @frankthorpNBC: So this Vine of @RandPaul's eye roll to Chris Christie at the #GOPDebate last night has 4 MILLION loops: https://t.co/hf…"
eng	negative	"RT @SouthernHomo: The candidates to each other once the #GOPDebate is over https://t.co/hb86fXzb2A"
eng	negative	"This image best sums up my thoughts regarding last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/ko0eOisFJw"
eng	negative	"@PamelaGeller @AnnCoulter I think you on accidentally uploaded a pic of Hillary instead of @realDonaldTrump. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	""@AlyssaLardi: I can't remember any of their names esp since they're 90% white men with orange foundation #GOPDebate" dying"
eng	negative	"RT @AlexSamuelsx5: So, there's 45 minutes left in the debate and I haven't heard anything about police brutality, mass incarceration, or ra…"
eng	negative	"RT @BiasedGirl: He admitted to paying Hillary to attend his wedding. Jesus. Fangirl much? I'd have gone with The Rock. That's just me. #Dum…"
eng	negative	"RT @AmberJPhillips: “If you think it’s bad now, you should have seen it when I got there.” #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/xURvNY2Ufe"
eng	negative	"RT @P0TUS: .@realDonaldTrump &lt;--- "Pay no attention to those pesky facts behind the curtain"  #GOPDebate http://t.co/hxCUBSvTGL"
eng	negative	"RT @michellemalkin: #gopdebate fact check via Julia Hahn==&gt; Marco Rubio: Still a fraud on border security/national security ==&gt; http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"Not everyone is a fucking LGBT student struggling to pay bills Debs.  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/qIrhkT79h2"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Trump hates fat people? He should look in the mirror. Poor Chris Christe won't challenge him. Well, you know why. : ("
eng	negative	"Trump Wouldn't take a pledge NOT to run 3rd Party- He couldn't  to answer when he became Conservative CUZ HES NOT #TCOT #ccot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Rob_guillory: My favorite part of the #GOPDebate was when Sting repelled from the ceiling and delivered a crushing Scorpion Death Drop …"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Goddamit, Donald. Your soul is on fumes and your heart orbits a dying sun. but you're making this thing interesting. Fuck…"
eng	negative	"RT @prettyplusmore: Looks good #megynKelly, very natural!!!   #GOPDebate http://t.co/WvZUw29m7d"
eng	negative	"The zone has warned folks about Fox News commentators like #MegynKelly for months...http://t.co/IZ6Z3APgBH in relation to #GOPDebate &amp; Trump"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump just gave a master class on how to get away with #sexism http://t.co/lIwTJlzZfd via @voxdotcom #GOPDebate #GOPClownShow"
eng	negative	"@JuddLegum @modernjam he also suddenly became a resident of NY even he is from Jersey... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@MikeHuckabeeGOP I think my dad, a career naval officer (&amp; progressive) would disagree that the mil. exists to "break things' #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@FoxNews #GOPDebate I'd like to see FOX host a #Democrat debate so these cands. aren't getting all soft-ball questions."
eng	negative	"Oh… I understand now. The movie “Idiocracy” is actually a documentary.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @freedomtex: The real story was the collapse of Trump in this debate. -@krauthammer  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @linnyitssn: Kasich said yesterday that he wants to love and respect everybody which pretty much means his career in the GOP is over. #G…"
eng	negative	"Trump is overrated and angry. @megynkelly was surprisingly good. #FuckTrump #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ghFpF8MOvF"
eng	negative	"RT @DesignerDeb3: @FoxNews Guess The Bush FIX WAS IN #GOPDebate ‼️ He Gets The Most Questions‼️ http://t.co/7Eyg5Ib8uK”"
eng	negative	"What scares me most about #GOPDebate : the people who break into storms of applause at misogyny &amp; crazy talk."
eng	negative	"RT @lizadonnelly: I just published “Fake fights, Fetuses and Funny Hair” My #GOPDebate cartoon roundup. https://t.co/26v9hrAHK2"
eng	negative	"RT @operationrescue: Proaborts are afraid of Fiorina because she is articulate and smart and pro-life. A woman like that threatens them. #G…"
eng	negative	"@xjeremymx @IvanTheK completely agree. The #GOPDebate feed on Facebook was a joke."
eng	negative	"RT @RadioFreeTom: Trump's answer on his businesses so far is the certifiable disaster of the night, right after his "I buy influence" comme…"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump where are your manners? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @freedomtex: I would add Walker to the losers category because I can't remember anything he said. #GOPDebate https://t.co/RP0OeAc5WG"
eng	negative	"@FoxNewsLive #GOPDebate Seriously?  Are you being tone deaf deliberately?  Are you not clueing in on the blow back @megynkelly &amp; I'm a fan!"
eng	negative	""@RubinReport: Finally got it. Trump looks like Boss Nass from #StarWars. #GOPDebate http://t.co/e8GzqNhK9r" @rockstarfudge"
eng	negative	"RT @ScottTrace: My only #GOPdebate comment: They're unanimous re: defunding women's health care, &amp;  killing Iran nuclear deal - prefer a mi…"
eng	negative	"RT @LilaGraceRose: "Generations will look back at us and call us barbarians." @marcorubio talking about America's killing of preborn childr…"
eng	negative	"@vlanda Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @raddicool: the mock presidential election closing statements on @RuPaulsDragRace were 10000x better than these train wrecks #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The photos of Rafael Cruz eating bacon off a semiautomatic is gayer than any same sex wedding. #gop #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @Guzman: Top 3 #Republican priorities: 1:  Gays 2:  Whitehouse white again 3:  Jesus   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lucyamorris: If GOP is so against all abortion (even in case of rape/incest) where is the support after the birth? Pro-birth =/= pro-li…"
eng	negative	"@thedailybeast: WATCH: Trump's disgusting "drop to your knees" comment (mentioned @ #GOPdebate  http://t.co/yyz21reoOD #trumpisapig #fb"
eng	negative	"Uhm #Fiorina has me questioning my sexuality. Only #GOPDebate candidate to mention cyber security with regard to China and Russia 😍"
eng	negative	"@washingtonpost @AaronBlakeWP What @megynkelly did to @realDonaldTrump was mean-spirited. Everyone should boycott her show! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Watching @ChrisChristie advocating for domestic spying via the NSA and abandoning the 4th amendment in the #GOPDebate. #seriously"
eng	negative	"RT @PayAttnLibs: This #GOPDebate would be over by now if @megynkelly could just pull out a gun and shoot Trump. Clear it's what she wants"
eng	negative	"RT @steviecoolest: #GOPDebate Cands/Mods: Trump, you can't run independent! We'll lose! Me: Your last pick said http://t.co/c2r0qZdexv was …"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly this wasn't a debate. U all "Moderators" were pathetic. U attempted to do interviews instead of conduct the #GOPDebate. #FAIL"
eng	negative	"RT @SoccerMum11: Is it me or was #GOPDebate asking more personal attack type questions to @realDonaldTrump? Not cool."
eng	negative	"RT @pittgriffin: Ben Carson says the most important thing is a brain. Half the GOP field disqualified. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The liberal media isn't reporting this debate in a neutral way; I see so much bias that is sadly transparent #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy: 4 different pictures. 4 different subjects.  1 very obvious similarity.   #GOPDebate  http://t.co/N2yIXEoKoW"
eng	negative	"RT @GrnEyedMandy: Gawd forbid any of the GOP candidates win in 2016. As a woman I fear for women if any of those men take power. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DanSpeaksTruth: I hoped that @FoxNews would have had a productive #GOPdebate to weed out candidates and not a blood bath for entertainm…"
eng	negative	"RT @DougStanhope: One hour 43 minutes of #GOPDebate without a drink. Is there a special AA chip for that?"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @JohnKasich your country doesn't make your top 3? #unpatriotic"
eng	negative	"#VelvetUnderground is Friday's soundtrack. Because #JonStewart is gone, and the #GOPDebate was ... well, it existed. #nostalgic and #sad."
eng	negative	"RT @catie__warren: I'm pretty sure that even #MegynKelly's weave is embarrassed about what's happening on stage right now. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FNC honored #MegynKelly w/ appointment to be unbiased moderator for #GOPDebate. BUT, she played her `Attack-Dog Interviewer` role instead."
eng	negative	"Did anybody see Trump's face when Rubio mentioned #ElChapo last night? The horror. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: The #NRA blacklists individuals and companies that buck their orthodoxy or offer any measures to reduce gun violence #GO…"
eng	negative	"Who won #GOPDebate? The real question is who's #TheBiggestLoser. #CNN #FoxDebate #Hillary2016"
eng	negative	"RT @BiasedGirl: "Donald Trump is not a Conservative" ~ @AndrewBreitbart   #GOPDebate #DumpTrump"
eng	negative	"Fox News keeps hammering, according to plan, how great Carly Fiorina was last night—but I don't remember a word she said. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Ryan_N_Wiggins: Trump short: Casinos fail. I'm proud I ran a casino into the ground. Trust me to make equally smart decisions for the c…"
eng	negative	"RT @nannacassie: I'm actually disappointed w/#MegynKellys #GOPDebate performance.As a journalist &amp; attorney, I expected better.That bs woul…"
eng	negative	"If you close your eyes, Marco Rubio and Matt Damon are actually the same person @marcorubio #mattdamon #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@WomenRadio Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"I'm going to have a stroke if I read, see or hear the word "rhetoric" one more time. Barf. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly #GOPDebate You should have been objective your bias got in the way I can only wonder who's agenda you were carrying out #MSM"
eng	negative	"RT @naheitzeg: Beware #scottwalker #Koch extremist. Scott Walker Gets Schooled by His Neighbor @GovMarkDayton http://t.co/frkBjl5k1h #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Today's GOP is a crazy white dude in a darkened theater. They are out to destroy us.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Oh yeah that's right Ben Carson is still here #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rush Limbaugh seems to think #FoxNews did a hit job on Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If @realDonaldTrump were the Titanic, the iceberg would sink. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @revsusanrussell: Favorite picture of #GOPDebate Night http://t.co/gGvr7FoB6w"
eng	negative	"RT @TimFederle: Three questions I'd ask at the #GOPDebate: 1. Are you nice to waiters? 2. Do you have gay friends? 2a. Ok, name them 3. No …"
eng	negative	"#WishfulThinking! #GOPDebate showed quite plainly how NOT prepared any of those men (+1 woman) are 2 lead nation. https://t.co/VemeQVlmvI"
eng	negative	"How do you earn a Jeb? http://t.co/JKGx2Ojrwi #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@guypbenson No Guy. Trump shoots the messenger, as he did with Meagan Kelly last night. Must be a habitual response of his. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Shakestweetz: JEB BUSH, OBAMA DID NOT ABANDON IRAQ, BUT LEFT ON A TIMELINE ESTABLISHED BY YOUR BROTHER. JESUS CHRIST. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My first executive order? Defund planned parenthood! Because that's the most important issue. Wtf. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rantoddj: Of course they ask Ben Carson the signature 'race relations' question. His response? #GOPDebate http://t.co/pQkLCTmqKQ"
eng	negative	"RT @Jocklaflair: "What about Black liv-...... Let's cut to commercial." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"now we'll move to talk about racial issues in ame..WAIT BREAKING NEWS SCARY RUSSIANS TELL US HOW YOU WOULD SCARE THE PEOPLE BEST #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheLadyValor: @GovMikeHuckabee I was the best of the best #NavySEAL .... I am twice the man that you could ever be! #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @OnlyInBOS: My closing statement. #GOPDebate http://t.co/OiJj85PC35"
eng	negative	"RT @MrGeorgeWallace: Ben Carson's a doctor. Maybe he can check the audience for a pulse. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Why the national debt is increasing instead of decreasing? @realDonaldTrump and I will solve this problem! #GOPDebate #Inconsistent"
eng	negative	"RT @EyeOnPolitics: Megan Kelly's voicemail is going to be full of angry messages tomorrow. She's not making any friends on that stage tonig…"
eng	negative	"I who have carefully avoided the #GOPDebate have finally heard comments in the lunchroom at work. #sadFace"
eng	negative	"RT @pppatticake: . @jojokejohn @milesjreed @MikeLoBurgio @Astorix23 "@HaroldItz: #GOPDebate Jr: New Graham slogan: "I Can't Wait to Kill Yo…"
eng	negative	"Last night they could have have raised their hands. I'm a spoiled billionaire, I'm an oligarch, I'm a racist, I'm a religious nut #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@steelhamster Here's a clip from #GOPDebate https://t.co/x2Vae3WR3M"
eng	negative	"Yup. This happened....#GOP #GOPDebate #Republican #teaparty #Conservative http://t.co/lSgAIGj6kR"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: This is a manufactured hit job on Donald Trump, Fox News has no class and it's transparent and pathetic, makes me sick. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"This Trump vs. Fox News conflict is quite the conundrum. It’s like the personification of Greed vs. Hate. Who do I root for!?! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: This is the part of the debate when candidates pander to God for his endorsement. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Dems are terrified b/c they know a conservative will b next president &amp; they won't be able to dismember babies &amp; sell body parts. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm still a little sick to my stomach from watching the GOP debate. Not enough booze in the world to handle that monstrosity. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @leiboaz: Each #GOPdebate should be staged with one chair too few. Loser left standing banished to the fighting pits of Mereen."
eng	negative	"This is that rare instance when I have to agree with @IAMMGraham. @realDonaldTrump's performance in the #GOPDebate will hurt him. @ghook"
eng	negative	"RT @LgnCtn: .@instagram and @facebook need to free the @Dreamdefenders acct. #KKKorGOP is a legitimate convo highlighting real concerns. #G…"
eng	negative	"Yeah, how dare that birch stand up for women's issues?  So much respect for @megynkelly now. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/k7E0ttVsKO"
eng	negative	"RT @runolgarun: I made a #GOPdebate bingo card if anyone wants to play me, I've already got four squares so u better watch out http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @Elb3001: #GOPDebate screw you @GovMikeHuckabee look up @TheLadyValor and see how transgender ppl serve this country in our military!"
eng	negative	"I didn't watch the #GOPDebate last night. Is this accurate?  http://t.co/pY3rhCMCBH"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Well that was a giant, depressing hot mess.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @IanSams: On #VRA50, the Voting Rights Act wasn't mentioned in the #GOPDebate.  Sadly not shocking. That's why HRC took 'em on. http://t…"
eng	negative	"Why should he?  It's already been said.  Would apology be believable?  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/1mUbzwAMWu"
eng	negative	"Yes Marco Rubio Actually Said The Iraq Invasion 'Was Not A Mistake' http://t.co/xRowKHyMm1 #GOPDebate http://t.co/vjMjdMByHV"
eng	negative	"RT @DNchef: @jjauthor @yewkalaylee @learjetter @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump ...whether you support him or not. it was shameful. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Saille: My takeaway is that Mike Huckabee's going to privatize the military and hire the Vogons. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeDrucker: "If you elect me, I'll be the best comic book villain president you've ever seen!" - Donald Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Cands/Mods: Trump, you can't run independent! We'll lose! Me: Your last pick said http://t.co/c2r0qZdexv was a real live person."
eng	negative	"RT @iRreverin: Thought I was watching a political function, but I feel like I've just been to church. And not in a good way. #GOPDebate #in…"
eng	negative	"RT @afroCHuBBZ: For more information visit http://t.co/8aUPR2VS6Z #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate  #GOP http://t.co/OpEDgSKHGp"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Rand Paul claims "We didn't create ISIS." Jeb Bush interrupts, "We didn't, but my brother did." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on #Election2016  Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"My only #GOPdebate comment: They're unanimous re: defunding women's health care, &amp;  killing Iran nuclear deal - prefer a military solution."
eng	negative	"RT @MakinH15TORY: Lol @ Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: 18 states have done what congress won't - closed background check loophole. We need the next President to ACT #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Donald Trump hates Mexicans? http://t.co/Ut1zaW9vK4"
eng	negative	"RT @nicole473: #GOPDebate Spends Less Than A Minute On Police Violence And Black Lives Matter http://t.co/V2qIrWDw5K #BlackLivesMatter"
eng	negative	"A lot of candidates are all about defending #PlannedParenthood but never mention take away a rapist's parental rights #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cowboytexas: Proof #GOPDebate Republicans and @FoxNews need an education on separation of church and state. http://t.co/eyJVwGxe3f"
eng	negative	"RT @UnSlutProject: Who won the #GOPDebate? Not women."
eng	negative	"RT @djmorris55: .@realDonaldTrump calls 3rd party talk "leverage." Sounds like extortion. Pick me or I'll make you lose. #gopdebate @Kiplin…"
eng	negative	"RT @DebbyRevere: @realDonaldTrump @smartvalueblog #trump said he wasn't preparing &amp; true enuff you could tell. #GOPDebate take run serious,…"
eng	negative	"RT @saradmahmoud: #GOPDebate and the islamophobia begins."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump whaah 😭😭 @megynkelly &amp; #foxnews was unfair to me They shouldn't ask questions about what I say 😭😭 #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jordanadolph: same. seriously though. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/GEXpvd1vB0"
eng	negative	"@jjauthor @yewkalaylee @learjetter @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump ...whether you support him or not. it was shameful. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pizzapimp812: Rly disappointed in the questioning. All aimed at provoking fights between, rather than learning what each candidate plan…"
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebate this morning. It's incredibly clear that none of these people care about me at all."
eng	negative	"Based on his rhetoric, I assume when Donald Trump looks at Megyn Kelly, he sees Miss Piggy.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump invites Hillary Clinton to his (3rd) wedding... but blasts Megyn Kelly during/after the debate.  And he's a "Republican"??? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ykhong: Instagram shut @dreamdefenders acct for posting real quotes from #GOPdebate w/ #KKKorGOP. Someone tell Instagram they're on the…"
eng	negative	"RT @Daenerys: Donald Trump got The Wall idea from Game of Thrones. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jaguarjin: #GOPDebate was more of  reality show- "So who isn't qualified to be POTUS" @dthomicide @Leslieks @pharris830 @stphil"
eng	negative	"RT @StudyingLiberty: Apparently Trump, the "tell it like it is" guy, can't handle some tough questions that point out his utter hypocrisy. …"
eng	negative	"Biggest winner &amp; loser of #GOPDebate? @FoxNews: Moderation WIN; App &amp; live streaming FAIL. @juanasummers &amp; @film_girl http://t.co/4HSpigrZTA"
eng	negative	"@seanhannity @ChrisChristie @GovChristie Then try not lying about your US Attorney - 9/11 appointment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @2DOPEANTIBHVR: so u want us to build a wall #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Gun violence costs Americans $229B annually #GOPDebate #gunsense"
eng	negative	"RT @mir_ross: You know what makes pushing 6lb+ being through my vaginal canal seem less appealing? Men telling me it's my duty as a woman #…"
eng	negative	"RT @LeahR77: Guess The Bush FIX WAS IN #GOPDebate ‼️ He Gets The Most Questions‼️ http://t.co/zuSRBs8QTa"
eng	negative	"RT @dawnintheworld: @Chris @hardball_chris PLZ google education in Ohio and get, well, educated on education. @RepTimRyan  #GopDebate @Ohio…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Long-term prison costs for people who commit assault and homicide using guns costs $5.2 billion a year #GOPDebate #gunse…"
eng	negative	"Republicans admit science is real. Why is this even news?!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The night #JohnStewart signed off from #TDS he killed 2 birds with one stone: #GOPDebate on #FoxDebate . No need to further comment on them"
eng	negative	"@Marmel Wondered same thing. And Trump did mention her firing in one of his recent diatribes. Surprised he didn't diss her @ #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @mrmilianspeaks: Sam Dubose, Tamir rice, and John Crawford all died in Kasichs state and he dodged the police brutality question. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"@GovernorPerry Who the heck is Ronald Raven? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FrankLuntz: My focus group actually likes Donald Trump as a person and a businessman… But not as a candidate.  #GOPDebate  http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @Politics_PR: The #GOPDebate Showed How #FoxNews Enforces Republican Orthodoxy: http://t.co/3rnrI9CBvD #p2 http://t.co/6981eqojZn"
eng	negative	"RT @TonyLoyd: Who won the #gopdebate? Billionaires &amp; bankers. Who lost? The rest of us. #debatewithbernie http://t.co/RFpNbtsoW6 http://t.c…"
eng	negative	".@gatewaypundit @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Megyn= the new Candy Crowley. They blundered badly. FOX exposed themselves. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trumped: Rand Paul Gets Less Than Half the Time of ‘The Donald’ During GOP Debate - http://t.co/9WCiDg100e #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"That's All! 😉 #FactCheck #GOPDebate http://t.co/jR7P3o5XhX"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Trump can say "I hate the concept of abortion" because he'll NEVER NEED ONE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @benshapiro: If you want to finish Trump, you DO NOT FEED THE TROLL. Fox News fed the troll a five-course banquet. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"They stopped at 10 because they couldn't fit any more in the clown car. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OhNoSheTwitnt: [Helen Lovejoy voice] WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE CHRISTIANS? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TatianaKing: the fact that it WASNT EVEN A DEBATE AT ALL. It was literally pundits saying "remember the time you said X? Bish how bout …"
eng	negative	"msnbc: Chris Christie and Rand Paul feud in tense national security face-off at #GOPDebate: … http://t.co/7roNBlX7ys"
eng	negative	"RT @SoulRevision: All the GOP candidates are going to their Klan Rally after the debate. #GOPdebate #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @freestyldesign: How can conservatives POSSIBLY Support a Candidate that DONATED TO HILLARY- EVER- that is ASININE #tcot #ccot #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #ScottWalker My take on the war-mongering last night:Walker-Cold War, Trump-Spanish American, All-States Rights/Civil War,Idiots!"
eng	negative	"@shawnsBrain66 I'm a liberal and I was ecstatic.  That was hands down the best reality show I've ever seen. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @levarburton: Amen! RT @atticalocke: I'd like a "culture of life" too, like not getting shot by police.  #BlackLivesMatter #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Just read @realDonaldTrump's early morning Twitter rants. . .there are reasons why it's not recommended to mix drugs and alcohol. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @_Snape_: Muggles are a joke. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Fear &amp; Loathing in the #GOPDebate | http://t.co/wzoUdISFgi by @digby56 #tcot #PJNET #FoxNews #GOPClownCar http://t.co/hW9DQXnFwP"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Huckabee: "We need to banish the Department of Education! We can't have voters being educated!!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Loved the exasperated look on Jeb's face during #GOPDebate. It's like he kept thinking, "Am I the only one who is taking this seriously?""
eng	negative	"Other than "DOWN WITH THE EPA!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lizzwinstead: Ben Carson, may be the only brain surgeon who has performed a lobotomy on himself. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Yes! And true of most religions: women are unclean sexual distracters &amp; men are hapless victims #religion #GOPDebate https://t.co/iX20ObGO2p"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Bush and Obama administrations proposed law to close Terror Gap, but #NRA fought against any efforts to close it #GOPdeb…"
eng	negative	"#ClimateChange a Non-Issue in #GOPDebate / Primary Season http://t.co/QICyHOPamW Great read at @insideclimate with input from @FordOConnell"
eng	negative	"@foxandfriends that's not a zinger.  Treating women like human beings isn't political correctness. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly going.Ronda Rousey on @realDonaldTrump 's  posterior and his childish comeback was a "where were you when?" moment.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @princeofbordue1: WRONG! #EPICFAIL @megynkelly attacked @realDonaldTrump from the start. There nothing fair and balanced. #GOPDebate  ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Over past 10 years, U.S. military has endured suicide epidemic among troops; more than 2/3 of deaths involved guns #GOPd…"
eng	negative	"RT @lybr3: The consensus seems to be that @FoxNews blew it's chance at hosting a #GOPDebate. The moderators blew it w/ their questions."
eng	negative	"This morning's @theskimm recap of the elephants in the room, was the best recap of all time #GOPDebate #skimmriffic http://t.co/mC2wOKuWI8"
eng	negative	"@ImmAdocates Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDEbate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"Andrea Mitchell brings on someone from La Raza to express how "disappointed" she is in the #GOPDebate. In other news, dog bites man."
eng	negative	"RT @Timcast: Trump's flaunting of wealth has literally nothing to do with having good ideas and being a good leader, its just gross. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @darebaredaisy: WHY ARE WE TALKING ABOUT GOD IN A P O L I T I C A L DEBATE #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Terror Gap means terrorists can pass background check and buy gun from licensed gun dealer, online or at gun show #GOPde…"
eng	negative	"It makes me mad when the moderators intentionally turn the debate personal with attacks and gotcha questions. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kckshrugged: Where's ted Cruz #gopdebate Fox News unfair. Softballs for Rubio, kasich, Jeb. @realDonaldTrump getting unfair questions"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: The GOP candidates discussing illegal immigration are pure theater. Except theater creates jobs.  #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"This is getting boring. Someone bring up the gays or harpoon @ChrisChristie or something. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @andreagrimes: And here come the candidates, arriving now for #GOPDebate http://t.co/Kk6xBkPajm"
eng	negative	"Serious Q: Do other civilized (interpret that how you will) nations allow their elections to turn into such a circus of clowns? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@wessmith123 @FoxNews FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"RT @sardoandtonic: Bush: you know what happens when we have low education standards?  This #GOPDebate, that's what."
eng	negative	"More 1% News. I do like the soundtrack a lot. #GOPDebate: Riot Police, Saxophone Turn Back Protesters http://t.co/8rWU8PwRid"
eng	negative	"RT @Kerryepp: What if the media had treated Barack Obama liked Fox journalists treated Donald Trump? http://t.co/uHuNkEXEPX #GOPDebate #tco…"
eng	negative	"RT @johnnyfriegas: If I was a conspiracy guy I'd say FOX wants to hurt Trump by asking him questions and hurt Cruz by NOT asking him questi…"
eng	negative	"RT @MichelleDBeadle: It's like satire had relations with sketch comedy.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"One thing you can say about the #GOPDebate last night, #DonaldTrump pretty much screwed himself of any chance of becoming President -"
eng	negative	"How can you deny the existence of something that shaped the country you're planning to run? #RaceBlindness #BenCarson #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie Why did you lie about your US Attorney Start/Appointment date during #GOPDebate? Too easy to fact check.."
eng	negative	"RT @KevinOfTheHill: Waiting for Trump to declare that he is god #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ignorant. Obnoxious. Repulsive. And Intolerable. Donald Trump is a pure JOKE! Americans cannot let this CLOWN become president! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""We were the first state to do a Choose Life license plate" Yay! Does little Jeb want a gold star? Come and give mommy a hug!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HoldenMirror: The real voice of the #GOP in the #GOPDebate was @realDonaldTrump. @FoxNews don't be mad, he's only parroting what you ha…"
eng	negative	"I tried to watch the #GOPDebate last night but I kept hearing farting noises."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump I view this Buffoon as a schoolyard bully who can't function in a normal society. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Does #GOPDebate have promotion/relegation? Like Fiorina moves to the Premiership now and Walker goes to the debate Championship?"
eng	negative	"RT @irritatedwoman: Retweeted Amy Mek (@AmyMek):  Conservatives are a people without a Network!   #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @MolonLabe1776us: How much did CNN/MSNBC/ Hillary pay @megynkelly to moderate tonights debate? #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/J…"
eng	negative	"I'm surprised Rick Perry was at either debate. I thought his ankle bracelet had a boundary. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"shit son @tedcruz got told to stfu #GOPDebate hahahahaha"
eng	negative	"Just because someone can tap into anger doesn't mean he can create the right fight...weary of the dividers at the top #GOPDebate #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"I loathe Faux Nooz, kudos to Ms. Kelly going after "Da Donald," the misogynistic, bloviating, xenophobic, carnival barker. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Sure The Other GOP on Stage Looked Nice &amp; Polished But America is tired of the shining Rolls Royce w/NO Engine #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Trump is absolutely out of control. Someone, please send the clip of him sharing, "What am I saying?" to the moderator. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @Jenism101: It's clear @FoxNews is boosting @JebBush.  Ugh!  No one even likes him!!   #GOPDebate  #DoYouKnowAnyoneVotingForJeb ???"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump hates strong, independent, women. I'm shocked he doesn't tell his daughter to put a dick in her mouth &amp; hush #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tpirkl: #GOPDebate was a hot mess &amp; #FoxNews gets some blame but this was a setup by #GOP to crush #Trump, ignore #Cruz &amp; prop up #Jeb.…"
eng	negative	"RT @EricTTung: "We've not seen any #immigration proposal or plan from @realDonaldTrump"  @JMurguia_NCLR of @NCLR #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @wessmith123: If You Hear An EXPLOSION During The #GOPDebate, Don't Worry It's Just The CRAZY METER Blowing Off The Wall. @FoxNews http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @louvice: Never helped Latino's #GOPDebate  https://t.co/U7yZlgL07L"
eng	negative	"RT @LadyLiberty1885: This @foxnews debate was about pushing trump down, lifting up Common core Jeb and silencing Cruz. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"I have always thought of myself as having average intelligence but after watching last night’s #GOPDebate I feel like a genius. Also sad."
eng	negative	"So after last nights #ClownCar debates this movie just popped into my head for some reason #TYTLive #GOPDebate http://t.co/sOzNMUnLtj"
eng	negative	"@GovChristie big loser of last night. Unwavering &amp; unapologetic position of violating constitutional rights- not winning msg #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @benshapiro: Don't want Trump to run third party? Don't give his supporters a reason to feel aggrieved. Opportunity blown. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PJHughes12: @FoxNews debate moderators were very unprofessional in their handling of this debate. They now act like @CNN and @msnbc #GO…"
eng	negative	""When you find mush, you push"  We agree with Jack from @AandGShow about that being a great motto in life! (from last night's #GOPDebate)"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie and Rand Paul feud in tense national security face-off at #GOPDebate: http://t.co/LSEItOG0nR (Getty) …"
eng	negative	"RT @FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KennyW_NLR: @michellemalkin   @FoxNews seemed to want cult of personality ratings over substance during the @GOP #debate   #GOPDebate @…"
eng	negative	"RT @PongDLC: No trans rights...no education reform...no minimum wage reform...no police brutality...no healthcare reform...  BUT WAR!! ISIS…"
eng	negative	"How can you purport to be Christian ("Love Thy Neighbor") yet verbally eviscerate your opponents? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LeighPatrick: lol! Of course you do.   RT"@sallykohn: I think @megynkelly won #GOPDebate!" #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnTheFame: Lmao the country is fucking doomed! All of the #GOPDebate candidates are evil. I hope I get to work by the barn instead of…"
eng	negative	"I didn't think a single candidate distinguished themselves last night &amp; I think Trump did what I expected...more of the same. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dannyboi965: A shocking photo taken in the sewers in Ohio after the #GOPDebate last night. http://t.co/vZd9qTCYz1"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnTelnaes: God, I hope the field gets smaller soon... http://t.co/9vn7Q9aE2k #GOPDebate #2016election #TooManyToDraw http://t.co/FVEHo…"
eng	negative	"RT @totallymorgan: If they cut to a wider shot you'd see @chrisbrown @BillCosby and Charles Manson. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kharyp: When #HillaryClinton calls men "Fat Pigs, Dogs, Slobs, And Disgusting Animals’ get back to me! #GOPDebate https://t.co/jL4MxQ2J…"
eng	negative	"RT @haleyrfalconer: Will we hear about #infrastructure, let alone #water infrastructure in  #GOPDebate? Tell us your plan for investing in …"
eng	negative	"RT @Torchie123: Remember when @megynkelly gave @anjemchoudary AND #BillAyers more respect than any #GOPDebate candidate  Sick. @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"As @ShaunKing pointed out, #GOPDebate had a huge audience of POC ready to learn. What we learned was mostly just scary. At best, tone deaf."
eng	negative	"RT @NoChristie16: The photo that ended #ChrisChristie's presidential hopes. #GOPDebate #bat #nea #njea #edchat http://t.co/VbvvFPXspo"
eng	negative	"RT @iamrapaport: The only debate anyone really cares about @iamrapaport #wedontfactcheck @michaelrapaport @GeraldMoody1560 #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"So Trump got Trumped by @megynkelly and what does he do... Whines like a "mamas boy" and calls her a bimbo. #GOPDebate #KeepItUpMegyn"
eng	negative	"The world is changing too fast for them. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@RealDonaldTrump retweets Twitter users calling @megynkelly a "bimbo" and "unbecoming" after #GOPdebate http://t.co/sQykqA97bs"
eng	negative	"RT @NoDigMaine: Hey #GOPDebate #Infastructure crumbling below our communities. What will you do to protect our future? http://t.co/iZDG065d…"
eng	negative	"I wish there was more CGI in the #GOPDebate when the candidates called out Trump as not being helpful to Americans. http://t.co/ladgpa1REz"
eng	negative	"RT @NoChristie16: #ChrisChristie blasts sanctuary cities, then finds he has four under his own nose in #NJ. #GOPDebate #fail #FoxNews http:…"
eng	negative	"Exactly #GOPDebate http://t.co/XqjbInIZTE"
eng	negative	"If you weren't following @pattonoswalt last night, your #GOPDebate was significantly less awesome."
eng	negative	"RT @rakapanka: Megan: you've called women fat pigs, etc. #GOP audience: ha ha ha. WTF? What is wrong with these people? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm thoroughly disgusted by the abysmal performance demonstrated last night by #FoxNews. They owe each candidate an apology. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @senatorshoshana: If @megynkelly is a bimbo, as @realDonaldTrump says, shouldn't he have had a super easy time answering her questions? …"
eng	negative	"#Cuban rpt he liked #Rubio #GOPDebate. Easy 4him 2say, try livin w/him down here in #Florida &amp; C how much u like him #politicalnightmare :("
eng	negative	"RT @DamienFahey: “Senator Cruz, your ears look like large oysters. Please explain.” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jefftiedrich: The Republican Party wakes up with a huge hangover, a splitting headache and no idea why it's in bed with Donald Trump. #…"
eng	negative	"Wandered away from the #GOPDebate coverage last night, shouting I AM ALL OUT OF EVENS TO CAN'T"
eng	negative	"RT @NoChristie16: #NJ has had 9 credit downgrades in just 5 years under #ChrisChristie. #GOPDebate #FoxNews #TellingItLikeItIs"
eng	negative	"@FreeAmerican100 @LibertarianWing @RandPaul @RonPaul #GOPDebate #StandWithRand Rand gets 1/2 Trump speaking time http://t.co/UTbTdCpkwD"
eng	negative	"all i learned from #GOPDebate is that @realDonaldTrump is a sexist pig w/ MO shock value for the ignorant-wow that debate was drunkenky dumb"
eng	negative	"RT @nochillzabree: So abortion is murder to y'all, but when cops keep abusing the system and murdering black people y'all wanna be quiet? #…"
eng	negative	"How's this for an accurate description of our system? https://t.co/E68Hblfc2G. The #GOPDebate illustrated this in a wonderful, scary fashion"
eng	negative	"lol! Of course you do.   RT"@sallykohn: I think @megynkelly won #GOPDebate!" #tcot"
eng	negative	"Pouty face Donald bullies around at the GOP debate. I'm rich &amp; loud &amp; do what I want, if I can get away with it! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not addressed once at either #GOPDebate #believersneverdie http://t.co/4eH6f2reUr"
eng	negative	"RT @nannacassie: Oh Lord,#MegynKelly is going to have #debbiewassermanschultz on after #GOPDebate show.#babykiller supporter&amp;we should care…"
eng	negative	"@texasdivepro I see you missed the point, I know how comprehension is a problem for you types! https://t.co/BYv2IiFmPr @FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The best person in the GOP wasn't even in the 9pm #GOPDebate. Is GOP stupid enough to leave Carly Fiorina out of next prime time debate?"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly is very biased or she was paid off to assassinate @realDonaldTrump during the #GOPDebate #KellyFailed"
eng	negative	"RT @bustle: Ignoring the #GOPDebate comments on gay marriage like http://t.co/vvkUQdjXqL"
eng	negative	"@Doc_68W_ Fox tried hard to torpedo Trump, from the opening question to ques abt his remarks abt women. #GOPDebate See also Rove's WSJ piece"
eng	negative	"The real voice of the #GOP in the #GOPDebate was @realDonaldTrump. @FoxNews don't be mad, he's only parroting what you have been sying 4yrs."
eng	negative	"Lemme see...who else?Bush, Rubio? Too similar. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Millions of Americans lost insurance because of #ObamaCare, but not Congress. You can't claw away those benefits! #ImW…"
eng	negative	"RT @Serf_: "The military is about killing people..."  Huckabee is pro-life   #GOPDebate http://t.co/NvipxIgND4"
eng	negative	"RT @coketweet: Here's the part where they all try to prove that they're each the biggest misogynist. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Re-watching highlights from last night's #GOPDebate 😩really makes me cringe. All I can say is LOL 😐"
eng	negative	".@allahpundit Best part of Rush's opening--his reporting the backlash against @FoxNews. They've forgotten their audience #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I AM DEAD -- #GOPDebate Trump at the Roxbury https://t.co/q1y4SYaB9B"
eng	negative	"RT @mrdaveyd: So donald Trump says everyone is stupid and Ben Carson says everyone is an uninformed, useful idiot...we are all NOT worthy #…"
eng	negative	"I think all the GOP candidates have a secret crush on Hillary because they were trashing talking her so much. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I forgot #ChrisChristie was running until I saw the #GOPDebate .... #Forgotten"
eng	negative	"RT benwikler: So, was SenSchumer throwing his hat in the #GOPDebate ring by coming out on the GOP side of the #Ira… http://t.co/tVR6vKe7I6"
eng	negative	"RT @coketweet: I wish someone would ask Ben Carson if he thinks black lives matter. (I guarantee he would answer that all lives matter.) #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @Kerryepp: This shows they did it wrong. You need to fix that FoxNews! @megynkelly @BretBaier #GOPDebate  https://t.co/S99LR4vbAG"
eng	negative	"RT @coketweet: Wow. Ignorant warmongering and blatant transphobia in the same sentence? Impressive, Mr. Huckabee. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This makes me feel better about #Trump  #GOPDebate RT https://t.co/NGdAxtuDrT"
eng	negative	"Shorter @JohnKasich: "I am proud to embrace the Obama agenda &amp; expand government in Ohio."  #RINO #GOPDebate #tcot #teaparty @gop"
eng	negative	"After last night's #GOPDebate, all presidential debates should just be rich corporate CEO's, as they run the government anyway #transparency"
eng	negative	"PFTCommenter does the deep dive, survives with nothing but flesh wounds to his grammar #GOPDebate  http://t.co/AadDpv9eRb via @sbnation"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio Voted Against Unemployment Benefits Even Though Florida Needs Them Most http://t.co/2i6UolSctj #GOPDebate http://t.co/65hFgIsSgy"
eng	negative	"RT @AverageChirps: 7 Disturbing Megyn Kelly Moments On Race https://t.co/Mmh7abJQK5 #topprog #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @puddinstrip: heres a photo of a puppy eating a shoe to take your mind off Mike Huckabee talking about a womans vagina #GOPDebate http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @pulmyears: Official photo from the big #FoxNews #GOPDebate last night: http://t.co/uaiB1M8ekC #teaparty @socalimilitia1 @donkeyarguing"
eng	negative	"I took the temperature of DC's bars for all you who watched the #GOPDebate in the comfort of your own home last night http://t.co/09MGoeKayA"
eng	negative	"RT @2AFight: Trump changed party 6 times! Loves ego, not America  #GOPDebate #tcot #PJNET #ycot #RedNationRising #ccot #teaparty http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate last night was a joke. Still can't wrap my head around that circus."
eng	negative	"@NBCUniverso Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: What we didn't hear tonight — ideas that support the middle class, women, students, or LGBT Americans. #OMGOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @WayneDupreeShow: #GOPDebate   #MegynKelly promised they would be calling on @RealBenCarson a lot more ...guess she embellished that one…"
eng	negative	"@BernieSanders gained over 10,000 followers in 2 hours simply for live tweeting the #GOPDebate. Hmm...he must have something to say. #Bernie"
eng	negative	"RT @tjocaldwell: The big problem this country has is political correctness #trump #GOPDebate Disrespected #MeganKelly"
eng	negative	"How did any of the Republicans "win" last night's #GOPdebate?! Not a single one of them offered a value or criterion for the round! #LDjokes"
eng	negative	"RT @Smith83K: Oh No You Didn't!   Jeb! just blamed Obama for what his brother did in Iraq.   #GOPDebate #LibCrib #UniteBIue"
eng	negative	"Watched the #GOPDebate last night, which is very unlike me. Feels like a complete joke with Trump on stage. Seriously?!"
eng	negative	".@mtaibbi Drink rule changes for the next #GOPDebate. Drink every time you hear the following: #15 - "amnesty" and #16 - "radical Islam.""
eng	negative	"And...#DonaldTrump remains at the top of the polls! Boo what is wrong with people! #Kasich2016 did well. #GOPDebate "fat pig", women..NO"
eng	negative	"Facebook (owner of Instagram) partnered w/ Fox to host the #GOPDebate, and then silenced critics of the candidates. https://t.co/7KFsCrqjfH"
eng	negative	"@pattonoswalt live tweeting the #GOPDebate helps it go down a little easier.  so much insanity."
eng	negative	"RT @tinaissa: I think Megyn Kellly won this debate. 😂😂😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @garnerpartyof9: #GOPDebate  #megankelly  Grow some!  You dish it out  but can't  take it. @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"Trump did fine in the #GOPDebate. Not spectacular, but good enough. It's in the post-debate he's killing himself."
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: “This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration,” says Rubio. Yes, that’s the problem. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If the only outcome of the #GOPDebate is that The Trump is a domineering boor, replace one of the old guys in suits with a monkey next time."
eng	negative	"Breaking news: Is @realDonaldTrump buying #FoxNews? Sources say that would be hilarious #trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @millerkevinc: Hard to hear all the candidates at the #GOPDebate talk about sending more troops to war with no mention of how to care fo…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: #NRA built massive database of gun owners while opposing national gun registry http://t.co/S9HSbTZRSc #GOPdebate #gunsen…"
eng	negative	"RT @LgnCtn: #MikeHuckabee should drop a mixtape called "Kill People; Break Things" and feature @WakaFlocka on the title track #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChakerKhazaal: #Election2016 #News: @HillaryClinton is not watching tonight's #GOPDebate. http://t.co/NuU1CzMALJ"
eng	negative	"RT @dionaoku: shade. #GOPDebate http://t.co/l0uY18MBS1"
eng	negative	"RT @wendyhagen: Also, candidates wear shock collars &amp; if they mention @HillaryClinton or @BarackObama - shocked. Somebody put me in charge …"
eng	negative	"Watching recording of the #GOPDebate. Forget reality TV, this is primetime comedy gold. #politics"
eng	negative	"“@nytpolitics: Fact Check: Marco Rubio says Amazon is the largest retailer, but it’s not #GOPDebate http://t.co/iesWK8u8Ar”:A mouth wth legs"
eng	negative	"What a circus that was! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/Ua4eh0STfT"
eng	negative	".@megynkelly had bad night, should've asked @realDonaldTrump important questions, how will he stop ISIS #GOPDebate  https://t.co/dac0QDku7i"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was the worst Jerry Springer episode I've seen in years."
eng	negative	"The Chair of the DNC doesn't know the FN difference between being a Democrat &amp; a Socialist, but Trump called someone a "fat pig." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MAZANDARA: #GOPDebate: @POTUS presents false @TheIranDeal choice bet #war &amp; #appeasement. #RegimeChange analyses @ http://t.co/HFlo91BN…"
eng	negative	"RT @fMRI_guy: BTW the correct response at last night's #GOPDebate would've been: "My faith is a personal matter &amp; unrelated to my aptitude …"
eng	negative	"RT @goodrichgevaart: "the military's favorite song is Break Stuff by Limp Bizkit"- @MikeHuckabeeGOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RyanMauro: Arab columnist praises @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump #GOPDebate: http://t.co/3wqjfZgH2q"
eng	negative	"RT @GOPendejos: An HOUR in and STILL No mention of #RonaldRaven our finest avian president. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #FoxNews http://t.co/Mf1J…"
eng	negative	"The best way to denigrate Roger Ailes whorehouse of a network is to refer to it as "The Fox News." Distinct from real news. #gopDebate"
eng	negative	"Anyone not willing to place objective reality ahead of lunatic liberal ideology is no friend to those resisting progressivism. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SonarJose: MK: "Mr. Simpson, you've stalked and savagely murdered women.." O.J.: "Only my ex-wife." *audience roars with laughter, appl…"
eng	negative	"RT @katiecouric: I'm sure it's not easy to moderate such a big group...so congrats to @BretBaier @megynkelly and @ChrisWallace. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: The best part of the Debate tonight? Watching all the governors take credit for the economic progress under Obama's policie…"
eng	negative	"The only way the #GOPDebate could have been crazier is if Melania jumped up and pulled @megynkelly "s hair. @OutnumberedFNC #TrumpLike"
eng	negative	"RT @Marmel: So we're going to talk about Trump's bankruptcies but not Fiorina's tenure at HP?  Adorbs.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So, this tweet was way funny. #GOPDebate #womenshealth #ItsNot1954 http://t.co/rSPZlJIWjg"
eng	negative	"MOTIVATION TIP - Resolving from political and corporate leaders is what a nation's struggling economy needs, not entertaining !! #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"Catching up on some of last night;s #GOPDebate: Vast majority of the questions are on flip-flop positions that span across years."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate in a nutshell via Vote True Blue 2016 http://t.co/5rfh5zbnPm"
eng	negative	"RT @rickbot5000: Is @BretBaier an Oompa Loompa? #GOPDebate #orangish"
eng	negative	"Best line of #GOPDebate was "Immigration without assimilation is invasion." Was that Gov Jindal?"
eng	negative	"RT @America4Israel: @FoxNews #GOPDebate a lovefest for Republican party. Problem wasn't just @megynkelly but all producers involved in bury…"
eng	negative	"RT @Sleevetalkshow: @realDonaldTrump's incivility &amp; arrogance continues after @FoxNews #GOPDebate. http://t.co/nXoWLLfsIb http://t.co/oQawD…"
eng	negative	"RT @Bound4LIFE: Why ALL #GOPdebate candidates support #DefundPP → http://t.co/PoH5ugB9UT  (Missing standout Carly Fiorina in graphic) http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @AnneBayefsky: What was striking? @FoxNews anchors knew to hit anti-choice/pro-life candidates hard, tho’ do opposite on their shows. #G…"
eng	negative	""We've not seen any #immigration proposal or plan from @realDonaldTrump"  @JMurguia_NCLR of @NCLR #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: No Jeb, u can't blame this one on Barack. The blood is on your brother's hands. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @girlsgetaways: #GOPDebate I used to be a fan of @MeganKelly , not anymore.  She is laughing while attacking candidates. #Unprofessional…"
eng	negative	"RT @rickbot5000: Our news media is broken #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#MikeHuckabee should drop a mixtape called "Kill People; Break Things" and feature @WakaFlocka on the title track #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HelenGym2015: Love Twitter bringing humor to #GOPdebate but end of day 2015 GOP is still the anti-woman, anti-immigrant, pro-rich, anti…"
eng	negative	"RT @billmaher: Good for you, Megyn Kelly, calling Ben Carson an idiot right off the bat. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@paolo_sf FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"@JamesRosenFNC, @BretBaier @megynkelly &amp; Chris Wallace acted like @CNN "reporters." #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @AnneBayefsky: .@RealBenCarson: Skin &amp; hair don’t make people who they are. As a neurosurgeon, I operate on who they are. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RavingRaver: My response when @megynkelly tried to call @realDonaldTrump a sexist: "CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Clearly, because there were a lot of sexist pigs in the audience. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/NyoLy2sccC"
eng	negative	"Reading the GOP debate from last night makes me want to laugh and punch somebody in the face at the same time #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Trump says on the one hand everyone is too PC. EXCEPT when Megan Kelly hurt HIS feelings NOW he might not be nice to HER anymore."
eng	negative	"Tried watching the #GOPDebate for entertainment purposes  All them candidates made my nerves bad #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"If you missed last night's #GOPDebate, here's the only recap video you need to watch.  https://t.co/DAr78Vp3LX"
eng	negative	"After the Fox News #GOPDebate, we primary voters are none the wiser on the policy plans these folks are putting forth. Journalism fail."
eng	negative	"RT @tinaissa: How many of you feel your IQ is lower after watching that debate? 😂😂😂. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CtConserv1: #MegynKelly was awful, no wonder her ratings are tanking. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/dyQzeU0MO3"
eng	negative	"The main thing I got from Scott Walker was he needs a hat, and he doesn't speak well. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rumpfshaker: "We have to make our country great again and I will do that!" Donald Trump, who still can't quite explain HOW. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @slackadjuster: As A Christian Preacher Huckabee Sure Is Close Minded &amp; Judgemental  Women Gays But Stood With Josh Duggar #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @Trainspotter001: Insightful commentary from Fox debate moderators...apparently Fiorina "opened a can" or something. Whatever. #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @AprilDRyan: One question on $blacklivesmatter for the #GOPDebate  and moved on."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate RT @OutnumberedFNC Next more on the earlier debate and @CarlyFiorina's stand out performance #outnumbered http://t.co/gpHmzSOrv2"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Democrats’ debate will be different. There Hillary Clinton will debate herself, changing her mask every 5 minutes ... #satire"
eng	negative	"RT @marmstead: Catch that? #BlackLivesMatter question. No mention in #scottwalker's response. Commercial break: #StraightOuttaCompton. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Trump calling @megynkelly a bimbo is reprehensible. This is about choosing a candidate for president NOT the Jerry Springer hour. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @billmaher: Enough with hating on Trump for being misogynist! Get to the part where these 10 guys debate whether Amy Schumer is fuckable…"
eng	negative	"RT @chi_kimura: According to Huckabee trans people are just experiments. This is the 21st century where LGBT rights are a thing. #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"I think donald trump is hilarious #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A guy from Queens calling somebody "low-class" is curious. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AriDavidUSA: BREAKING NEWS! Last night during the #GOPDebate @megynkelly gained 300lbs and changed her name to Candy! #tcot http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"Any opinions on the real issues. Guess not. If I wasn't laughing so hard, I'd be crying. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie http://t.co/VfdlNpqFR6"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate official soundtrack https://t.co/8643pqB7BV"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: It showed -they were more into themselves than #GOPDebate http://t.co/Nn5TtjVESE"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was very, how can I put this politely, macho? People who argue about penis size generally have small ones. http://t.co/010sKWrzqR"
eng	negative	"RT @stockejock: My white noise machine is just the sound of the Presidential candidates arguing at the #GOPDebate ."
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebate like... http://t.co/bguDpo0iKb"
eng	negative	"RT @OccupyWallStNYC: Donald Trump: I have successfully lied and cheated and manipulated for personal gain. So pick me! #Bankruptcy #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"Yes, @ScottWalker *did* call the middle east 'Israel' http://t.co/YgJyRWMrUe #GOPDebate #election2016 http://t.co/GPIGA3l7yO"
eng	negative	"RT @BerrakDC: In other news, the bar just got very busy after the #GOPDebate ended. I guess everyone needed a drink after that mess."
eng	negative	"RT @juliaioffe: An elegant, witty round-up of last night's #GOPDebate by @tnyCloseRead http://t.co/cW0rAc9wQh"
eng	negative	"RT @Ricky_Vaughn99: Fox News tries to get the GOP to gang up on Trump and Kasich curb stomps Chris Wallace #cuckservative #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I wish I could bitch slap shit out a Donald Trump him and Ted Cruz.And some other candidates were annoying.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Learn how to get away with sexism in 5 easy steps from @realdonaldtrump #GOPdebate  via @voxdotcom http://t.co/TDTyFtWEcp"
eng	negative	"RT @billmaher: Jesus, this is the worst production of Glengarry Glen Ross I've ever seen #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This may be Trump's best qualification to be president, "The Art of the Comb Over". #GOPDebate #not #epicfail #funny http://t.co/QI3v8zqKdh"
eng	negative	"Illegal immigration has been talked about before @realDonaldTrump started speaking of it. #arrogant #ignorant #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Changed my mind @GOP Bomb whoever you want to. Just want to keep more of my check and get my insur premiums under control! Deal? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Ricky_Vaughn99: It's clear that the Fox News GOP paymasters dislike Ted Cruz, Scott Walker, and Donald Trump #cuckservative #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Women who shame other women for having abortions deserve to be shamed for having no soul or self respect.   #PlannedParenthood  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump's incivility &amp; arrogance continues after @FoxNews #GOPDebate. http://t.co/nXoWLLfsIb http://t.co/oQawDkxERe"
eng	negative	"5 Reasons To Be Glad That You Didn’t Watch The Fox News Debate -  http://t.co/2wCqc3If0l #GOPDebate #AlreadyGlad"
eng	negative	"Trump Donated &amp; Supported Hillary and Democrats for YEARS that fact ALONE- DISQUALIFIES HIM #tcot #GOPDebate #ccot"
eng	negative	"RT @tvc3232: #GOPDebate GOP candidates: Immediately after our prayer circle, we will begin bombing Iran &amp; taking health care away from 16 m…"
eng	negative	"RT @meninistkiller: Hey, cis men: You will never have to be pregnant. You cannot judge people with vaginas on reasons they want abortions. …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate hard to find so much disrespect for women coming from so many politicians at once. #astounding"
eng	negative	"RT @CQuintanaSF: Loop, baffled by the #GOPDebate refusal to address climate change @darth http://t.co/BC9cAhhHJL"
eng	negative	"RT @MolonLabe1776us: Are you a RINO @megynkelly? #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/TiHcyiqMS0"
eng	negative	"RT @M0L0NL4BE: Extremely UNFAIR for @BretBaier to kickoff the #GOPDebate with an attack on one specific candidate @realDonaldTrump … @Reinc…"
eng	negative	"RT @MStuart1970: Howard Kurtz bragged abt how liberals sch as HuffPo complimented FOX. LOL He thinks we r happy abt that. #GOPDebate  https…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump got a few things wrong at the #GOPDebate http://t.co/bm2lUGqqJz @jamesaking41 @vocativ http://t.co/K3sfGctrBU"
eng	negative	"Under no circumstances should 10 men dictate abortion rights to women. It's the 21st Century, we are better than that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatFoxyShadow: The whole #GOPDebate was simply a scheme by Fox News to attack #Trump &amp; build up Jeb &amp; the rest of the #cuckservative g…"
eng	negative	"RT @me_coleman612: I will never understand why rich white men think they can tell women what they can/can't do with their bodies #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Just tellin' it like it is. No wonder everyone is out to get him. #GOPDebate #TCOT https://t.co/40026Hgs07"
eng	negative	"Lol @ these conservatives trolling #GOPDebate and tryna start an argument #IDontNeedAnotherTwitterArgumentInMyLife"
eng	negative	"RT @LorrettaJohnson: The #GOPdebate showed that the GOP candidates are out of touch with workers, women, people of color and basically anyo…"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: If you @megynkelly think that your question to @realDonaldTrump to begin #GOPDebate was FAIR &amp; BALANCED..... http://t.co/TKe…"
eng	negative	"RT @kc5lei: My opinion of #MeganKelly has really plumbed during #GOPDebate - I expected her to be a neutral moderator. I was dissappointed."
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Here’s how U.S. gun violence compares with rest of the world: 60% of U.S. homicides use a gun http://t.co/zt2tMgfDPG #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @DanaCortez: #megynkellydebatequestions like Effie from Hunger Games. #GOPDebate.😞 http://t.co/Sm74WVmMd3"
eng	negative	"RT @rumpfshaker: "I have never gone bankrupt," says Trump who has multiple businesses that went thru bankruptcy, screwed creditors out of m…"
eng	negative	"RT @TrawlingTroll: @CarlyFiorina was the winner of the earlier #GOPDebate Beyond a couple brief moments, everyone in the later debate was m…"
eng	negative	"The most truthy analysis of the #GOPDebate last night was when @ChrisStirewalt quipped the @realDonaldTrump had a 'HoneyBadger' attitude."
eng	negative	"RT @CaseyWertz_: .@RandPaul seriously? your an idiot. how many times you planning on running for president? you know you don't have a chanc…"
eng	negative	"Mistake to think #GOPDebate would be fun. Seeing deep sickness US conservatism has become bastardized &amp; spawned by @FoxNews very disturbing."
eng	negative	"trump's answer for why he was until recently a Democrat was less than satisfying. "I'm from New York" - that's his excuse? phony! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @IronHide_81: Oh yes, we have to go to a "commercial break" the only time @tedcruz wants to add a comment. So sick of this bullshit. #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @MykaNow: Bothers me when those running for President cannot respect even the office enough to call him President Obama. #GOPDebate #Fai…"
eng	negative	"@rushlimbaugh just put the idiot Kasich in his place. Kasich has no spine. #GOPDebate #rushlimbaugh"
eng	negative	"After the #GOPDebate, if I were a Republican I'd get behind the smartest, most electable person in the room and draft @megynkelly for Prez!"
eng	negative	"RT @AnneBayefsky: .@ChrisChristie faced “the #Obama hug” problem &amp; responded that he hugged 9/11 victims. Left thinking, huh? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Rubio paid off 400k in student debt in 4 yrs, but was "in poverty". So is making over 100k/yr now considered poverty? #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Black men 10X more likely to be murdered w/gun as white men, black women 3X more likely to be murdered w/gun as white wo…"
eng	negative	"RT @cameronesposito: Ugh will these guys ever shut up about how ppl shouldn't be killed during traffic stops? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"On the #GOPDebate Seemed like a lot of #BadBlood, so why not watch @taylorswift13 @kendricklamar instead? #ctl #p2 http://t.co/yR9m2mf9fH"
eng	negative	"RT @RMConservative: If the media is fawning over the fox moderators, conservatives should not #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was so much fun Isurfed around bot always ended up back there. All the non thinkers in one place"
eng	negative	"RT @AnneBayefsky: #Democrats hoping they keep bloodying each other &amp; nobody left standing. But real hope there's a star here.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Bidenshairplugs: Common Core is a ghetto education redistributed to middle class kids.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The ignorance, stupidity, bigotry &amp; misogyny on the Fox hosted #GOPDebate last night was laughable,disgusting &amp; frightening. #TakeDownTheGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @Politics4dum: Putting illegals pimps and prostitutes in one category.....how ignorant and stupid Huckabee #GOPDebate #Republicandebate"
eng	negative	"RT @themadstone: Bummed that we didn't get to watch a single candidate flounder over climate change #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Anyone else think the #GOPDebate moderators remind of them of the host from the Hunger Games?"
eng	negative	"RT @SPWMthe3rd: @PoliSciUMN did Ted Cruz just misspeak when he said during his closing statement that he would "persecute religious liberty…"
eng	negative	"@BenCarson2016 may have separated conjoined twins, but @realDonaldTrump created the duckface.  Why wouldn't he bring this up? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Phil_Cosby_: Sooooo...do we want any of these candidates as our next President? #GOPDebate    http://t.co/htuwEvREpg"
eng	negative	"RT @Sean_Munger: And God (or Koch?) forbid the candidates even mention the number one most serious issue facing the world today, climate ch…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: The #NRA promotes gag orders to block military commanders from discussing gun safety with at-risk service members #GOPde…"
eng	negative	"jebbush tell me more about this  "hang em by the neck" wing of your party....#GOPDebate #KKKorGOP https://t.co/8fgWctd2bb"
eng	negative	"RT kayleymelissa: #GOPDebate is like the trial from The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Dona… http://t.co/jAqjwnndgB http://t.co/lRUMxgR8pM"
eng	negative	"RT @Wolfrum: "Oh Donald, again with your angry misogyny. You are just incorrigible. Now tell us more about Trump Wall." -- #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @buffalopundit: Actually, BUSH'S BROTHER CUT THE DEAL TO LEAVE IRAQ. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Lots of Republicans in my Facebook and Twitter timelines are ticked at Fox News for running that hatchet job of a debate. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThomasMYbarra: "Purpose of the military is to kill people and break things!" Um? Really? It's a last resort to defend Americans #GOP201…"
eng	negative	"Advice to #GOP candidates in order of how they finished 1st Donald Trump Add detail for debte 2  Don't play prevent  #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @NotBillWalton: The Straight Outta Compton trailer that just came on spent more time on police brutality than the #GOPDebate did."
eng	negative	"Trump disagreeing with Megyn Kelly's pointed, somewhat gotcha questions does not equate to her being a bimbo. &lt;sigh&gt; #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @chriswallace @megynkelly @BretBaier I was really looking forward to a real debate of the candidates not an attack on Trump"
eng	negative	"Carly: I'll cuck for Bibi before I do ANYTHING for the US! Count on it! Israel First! #cuckservative #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@JohnKasich is from Ohio.  Ohio gave us Boehner.  NO THANKS. ANOTHER RHINO  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @drewmoss1979: Is FOXNews a long-game liberal conspiracy to drive the Republican Party so far right that it will never win a general ele…"
eng	negative	"https://t.co/skhaS0lquB God Damn!  That's what's called a MEGA #TwatSwat @hardball_chris #GOPDebate #CarlyFiorina"
eng	negative	"Not shocked much,but "debate" questions for both were ABSURD!!With all the shit we have going on, they chose 2 try &amp; start fights #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Ted Cruz = "Chubby Damien Thorne" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ProfKori: As person who grew up poor, I can tell you: no one is more brutal than poor ppl who make it &amp; think success makes them better…"
eng	negative	"No substantive conversation about income inequality, declining wages, social security or race and minorities. #GOPDebate about nothing."
eng	negative	"Came in the negro barbershop asked about the #GOPDebate.... they told me to shut up"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Gov.Walker being pro-life means pro EVERY life! When you develop a uterus then you can have an opinion!"
eng	negative	"Government can fu*k up so bad that an event like #Benghazi unfolds, but let's make a big deal about Trump calling someone a dog. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"In 3pm #GOPDebate, Fox "News" asked a REAL softball of a question: 2 words to describe Hillary. ALL SEVEN answered with more than two words."
eng	negative	"RT @Reenit: Be back after 3 advil and a late dinner. #GOPDebate Footnote @MeganKelly needs a new job! Is CNN hiring. She is way too full of…"
eng	negative	"RT @nowiknowmyabcs: Lindsey Graham could be the solution for insomniacs everywhere.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Abortion rights are barbaric and need to go - we are killing American citizens! #GOPDebate #prolife #AbortionIsMurder #PlannedParenthood"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatsJustBogus: The day after the #GOPDebate a man who is mean to everybody is complaining about everybody being mean to him. #TrumpThe…"
eng	negative	"RT @wtc1998: I filled 15/25 of my bingo spaces tonight. I'm surprised I didn't get "Cruz denies climate change." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Donald Trump said, "Single-payer works in Canada." No...it...does...not!!! 20 reasons why not: http://t.co/uR9oz95p9F #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Trump = Obama = Paranoid egomaniacs always blaming others.   #DemocratsThinkAlike  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatTexasBoy26: 😄 that's messed up. @JebBush getting no love on @Snapchat #GOPDebate http://t.co/0jX8Yeb00F"
eng	negative	"RT @RebeccazWriting: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @GovMikeHuckabee Interesting -considering he doesn't have a snowball's chance in HELL of winni…"
eng	negative	"RT @IronHide_81: Tell me @marklevinshow, when are you going to moderate a #GOPDebate? It's the only chance to give conservatives a fair sha…"
eng	negative	"RT @wendmyoung: Not one clown on that stage of idiots last night, can match PBO's accomplishments #GOPDebate #voteblue2016 http://t.co/xocS…"
eng	negative	"RT @GhesheS: #GOPDebate: Trump Trumped! http://t.co/zWIN7P0vhH"
eng	negative	"RT @ShiCooks: The most offensive, confusing, hilarious, &amp; wild moments #GOPDebate http://t.co/kJMyy04bnH http://t.co/a4ZOV5eKOt h/t @Vanity…"
eng	negative	"Drank way too much 🍷 watching the #GOPDebate hangover #GDFR"
eng	negative	"@jeremypiven after watching last night's #GOPDebate I've decided Ari Gold really had the best domestic policy... http://t.co/k6XA5rlo70"
eng	negative	"RT @SarahDoiron31: Can we talk about climate change or is that just going to be swept under the rug again? #GOPDebate #climatechange"
eng	negative	"RT @cappy_yarbrough: Love to see men who will never be faced with a pregnancy talk about what I can do with my body ❤️❤️❤️❤️ #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AngryBlackLady: Pretty sure I was just drunkenly yelling “ABORTION” at the screen at the New Parkway last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lizzwinstead: They all look like they need a stool softener #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"when Jeb Bush said all the Republican candidates were better than Hillary and Bernie #GOPDebate http://t.co/fWA5ir27bY"
eng	negative	"RT @AnArousedWoman: All of these GOP assholes hate #women. Too bad women vote for these misogynists. #GOPDebate #GOPClownShow #p2 #fem2 htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @HeadcACE1906: GOP in a nut shell  #GOPDebate http://t.co/Q7Q7GXw3Lc"
eng	negative	"RT @Booker25: #GOPDebate these 10 idiots  forget that #irandeal involves 5 other countries"
eng	negative	"RT @thedebaterprobs: The #GOPDebate made me realize how much people saying stupid things in suits makes me miss debate season."
eng	negative	"How @realDonaldTrump imagined he performed at last night's #GOPDebate? https://t.co/J1UhtFQzii"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was like #JackNicholson driving his fellow patients around in "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest." http://t.co/lRpXQgx4A2"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateJake: Sorry, but @JebBush was as inspiring as a manila envelope.   #GOPDebate #tcot #tlot #ccot #ycot #GOP http://t.co/5xeZ4vlJ…"
eng	negative	"RT @buckle2: The scary part about the #GOPDebate is that Trump won and is still leading the polls. Is America serious about making him Pres…"
eng	negative	"I've never seen a #GOPDebate as entertaining as last night's was"
eng	negative	"RT @ImmigranNacion: @PeteSessions #GOPDebate #USA, seriously, would you vote for any of these CLOWNS? We NEED #CIRNow #AINF #TNTVote http:/…"
eng	negative	""@dannyboi965: A shocking photo taken in the sewers in Ohio after the #GOPDebate last night. http://t.co/rbK7gMYhCE" lol brilliant"
eng	negative	"RT @ChuckNellis: Don't JEB me man! #GOPDebate http://t.co/KWDnwGf53Q"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Cruz wants us to forfeit citizenship if we go and join ISIS? That seriously fucks up the spring break comedy script I jus…"
eng	negative	"RT @br549q: #MegynKelly #KellyFile #GOPDebate  #foxnews demnstrtes its bias for Jeb by time allotment &amp; time spent attackng Trump http://t.…"
eng	negative	"#TheDonald says re: calling #women dogs, disgusting animals: "We have a lot of fun, I say what I say." #TrumpMisogynist #misogyny #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GetUpStandUp2: #BATsAsk What if you gave a #GOPDebate and NOBODY came? Oh, wait!!! https://t.co/9TrCpw0EfM @BadassTeachersA http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"RT @ThaRightStuff: Yes goyim, communist sympathizer @chrislhayes approves of @JebBush . Plz stop being racist #GOPDebate #cuckservative htt…"
eng	negative	"TRUMP: "MORE ADAM SANDLER MOVIES!" #MakeAmericaFartAgain #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisClaytonDTN: Political junkies are worse than football fans. One poor debate and suddenly that guy isn't going to the Super Bowl. #…"
eng	negative	"Kept wondering where The Donald left his pinky ring and gold chains were, what with his used car salesman gesturing/talk. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@NowWithALEX Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDEbate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @JRpolitirants: Don't get me wrong, Ben Carson is a brilliant man, I admire him, but I don't see him as president, its true he has a lot…"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul is looking for a fight. Problem is, is it a political fight he wants, or is he merely pent up? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @chrisgeidner: Rubio says all life should be protected. Rejects that he supports "life of the mother" exceptions. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BecomingUsBrook: Watched a part of the #GOPDebate last night. Hilarious that @ScottWalker thinks he has any chance. Let alone any of th…"
eng	negative	"RT @megynkelly: .@realDonaldTrump:  If it weren’t for me you wouldn’t even be talking about illegal immigration #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly needs to get in the kitchen and make @realDonaldTrump a sandwich.  She doesn't belong in that setting with him. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @peterdaou: Great to hear about critical topics like extreme inequality, poverty, climate change, racial justice at the #GOPDebate ... o…"
eng	negative	"RT @Fingers_of_Fury: It's "fewer" records, not "less" records, Rand Paul. Sorry, pally. My president knows the difference. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rap Nigga That Dont Rap Just Look Like 1! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @senatorshoshana: If @realDonaldTrump is complaining about hard questions from a "bimbo" like @megynkelly, how is he to lead America? #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @BreeNewsome: I predict tonight's winner will be late night comedians and Twitter. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"my head still hurts from hearing mike huckabee imply trans ppl are a "social experiment" like eat my trans shit u moldy dishrag #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Xaron4: Glad to see SOMEBODY fact-checking #GOPDebate. #Fox let lies slide last night &amp; rest of #media not much better.  https://t.co/R…"
eng	negative	"A weave on your head should look like you own the hair. If I see anymore glue,  I will scream. Looking like Trump #weave #GOPDebate  #bad"
eng	negative	"RT @StevenSinger3: #BATSask if Scott Walker's "Pro-life" stance covers school kids, too? http://t.co/39ZRoENv9K #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @scottEweinberg: These guys should write for SNL. Not even kidding.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I like the part where some Americans think that it's only or mostly Americans getting killed by ISIS. Research people! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Sorry, Jeb but Compassionate Conservative message is so 2000 #GOPDebate RT https://t.co/8uAi8mR3di"
eng	negative	"tyler_batson: https://t.co/n0Lhfj92Kw #GOPdebate #funny #meme #Obama #HillaryClinton #badassBiden http://t.co/5YJw85akBV"
eng	negative	"RT @mariaglass7: #BATsAsk #GopDebate why does Walker believe busting unions is the same as fighting terrorism? @bretbaier"
eng	negative	"RT @Chief_Kels: The #GOPDebate last night got me even more fired up about Bernie #FeelTheBern  http://t.co/3A5MQyKifG"
eng	negative	"'Why did the #Moderators get more time than candidates? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Racist, religious fanatic debate.  #GOPignorance #GOPDebate  https://t.co/u8zEB21JXh"
eng	negative	"Megan: you've called women fat pigs, etc. #GOP audience: ha ha ha. WTF? What is wrong with these people? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BuenaVista28: Old racist/sexist Wall Street ass-kissing white guys arguing? No thanks. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@polisterpolls Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"American voters deserved better questions for @realDonaldTrump during #GOPDebate @FoxNews knew better... #EPICFAIL https://t.co/xtOsLXWf43"
eng	negative	"RT @docmurdock: Love how .@megynkelly BAITED .@realDonaldTrump with women question. Then he gave .@Rosie airtime she couldn't have paid for…"
eng	negative	"RT @summer4jul: @JohnKasich, What about all of the kids in poverty in OH? #BatsAsk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Disgrace @GovMikeHuckabee cites #science in anti-abortion rant but dismisses it on #globalwarming #GOPcircus #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Annietiques: 116 Minutes BEFORE the word 'Veteran' was Even Uttered Tonight During a 2 Hour #GOPDebate . . Do You At STILL Think The GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @pittgriffin: Who did Megyn Kelly ask about racism in America? Ben Carson - why, because he's a neurosurgeon? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @UrProbsJewish: The reason there's never been a Jewish President is because his Mother would most likely run the White House #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DarrenGoodman46: #MeganKelly news flash the debate isn't about you! The candidates should have put you panelists in your place. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @lizzwinstead: These are the most boring match dot com profiles ever. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Deb_Libby I was laughing so hard I almost busted a rib. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Everyone at #GOPDebate: I’m against the Iran Deal because Obama made it. Obama isn’t strong because he’s Obama. Because."
eng	negative	"Nope. I think that was the most unintentionally funny political event I've ever seen. It was great! #GOPDebate https://t.co/DLaPGgPrcI"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was great reality TV. Can't wait for next episode to see who gets voted off the Island of Dr. Moreau!"
eng	negative	"RT @LOrion: HOOT! LOOKY THIS.. huh last I heard neither Clinton nor Sanders was part of #GOPdebate   RT @davidbadash: Today’s... http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnJFrusciante: I didn't watch the #GOPDebate but I did see an old dog struggle to take a shit on the sidewalk so that's basically the…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Anyone who cheered when Trump was asked about his comments towards women, you are part of the problem. #feminism #UniteBlue"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: .@CarlyFiorina laid off 30,000 workers and outsourced jobs to China. #GOPDebate http://t.co/nuBzUmsZCj"
eng	negative	"RT @stevenoh88: So sad that today is Jon Stewart's last day on @TheDailyShow. I would love to see his take on #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FrankLuntz can count and ask simple questions, short of that I don't see much wisdom!  @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OnTheManney: It's funny to see a bunch of grown ass men, trying to scare America about a woman running for president.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump should answer @jdharm's hard-hitting question from last night's #GOPDebate @sternshow @HowardStern http://t.co/cF3m0LEHUa"
eng	negative	"If that was a bit of rope-a-dope, @megynkelly, it sure worked. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/2TrFPmEWCl"
eng	negative	"I miss the days when conservatives wanted a @GOP Presidential candidate who was, you know, a conservative... #Trump #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"Foxylady #MegynKelly stood up to that Tramp  #GOPDebate #Trump #USA2016 #FoxDebate http://t.co/YYb9cSKrO2"
eng	negative	"RT @HeyHayward: EXCLUSIVE: Trump reveals renderings for border wall #GOPDebate http://t.co/ZLxsFcQAMr"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #FOXNews anchors must not have been getting invites to the "cool" DC parties ."
eng	negative	"RT @svme: Did Donald endorse Ben Carson when he said this country needs someone with a brain? #BATsAsk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: CDC funding for firearm injury prevention fell 96 percent, down to $100,000, from 1996 to 2013 http://t.co/hxkZueE2Uf #G…"
eng	negative	"Right: the big problem in US is political correctness...and not cops killing citizens or women being denied basic health care. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate  Trump says it's FUN to call women animals.  THAT audience APPLAUDED his misogyny.  Outrageous! All Republicans are misogynists."
eng	negative	"Bitch betta have my social security money. #pimps #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Political junkies are worse than football fans. One poor debate and suddenly that guy isn't going to the Super Bowl. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BarbaraBoxer on #GOPDebate "I never heard the words income inequality, equal pay or climate change." Gonna miss her but ready for Kamala"
eng	negative	"women, serving openly gay and now #transgender in the military are just social experiments according to @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebate #late"
eng	negative	"RT @Brenkoski: She @megynkelly is a horrible commentator  @FoxNews did a terrible job last night, very DISAPPOINTING! #GOPDebate  https://t…"
eng	negative	"So are we all drunk now? #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"There are grown ass adult women on the Right who seem to enjoy being treated like incompetent children. #PlannedParenthood #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker chooses killing mother rather than aborting unborn embryo. This is reason other countries give us that funny look #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @chrisgeidner: First mention of Ferguson and Baltimore comes in Rand Paul's closing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@politicalAnt Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDEbate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @greysonchance: Watching the #GOPDebate with my parents. Different generational views, but we can still laugh at Trump together. http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @ctmommy: Great. Even more people saw hack @megynkelly at #GOPdebate: Early numbers suggest record audience http://t.co/IIl0XF6T3p @foxN…"
eng	negative	"The most offensive, confusing, hilarious, &amp; wild moments #GOPDebate http://t.co/kJMyy04bnH http://t.co/a4ZOV5eKOt h/t @VanityFair @morgfair"
eng	negative	"RT @_mattybswag: I honestly think that Key Club candidates are more well-spoken than some of these. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How is playing nice with the opposite party an insult...apparently cooperation isn't a leadership trait anymore #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnJohnsonson: Ten rich white guys promise to stop poor young black women getting an abortion. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@HalftimeReport the smartest people sound like drunk uncles when limited to 140characters #twitter #GOPdebate #joshbrown"
eng	negative	"Meanwhile, Ted Cruz wants to limit immigration. I guess after him, fuck everyone else, right? #GOPDebate #Canadian"
eng	negative	"RT @MartinOMalley: In Maryland, we didn’t wait for the federal gov to act, we passed our own DREAM Act. #WWOMD #GOPDebate https://t.co/tWLK…"
eng	negative	"RT @SteveAmiri: HOW IS JEFF DUNHAM WORKING SO MANY PUPPETS AT ONCE?!?! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @WayneDupreeShow: @FoxNews is still trying 2 destroy @RealDonaldTrump huh?  Guess they have to cover up why they only spent 1:30 on race…"
eng	negative	"RT @DamienFahey: If Marco Rubio does a good job answering tonight, his mom says they can stop for pizza on the way home. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was pure propaganda hope CNN can provide a forum to hear views.  Fox News Moderators = haters"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Did #foxnews actually ask a political issue question last night?"
eng	negative	"RT @dawnintheworld: @ChrisChristie you HUG?  I thought you only punched. Or, guess that's just teachers. #BATsAsk #GopDebate @BadassTeacher…"
eng	negative	"RT @svme: @HuffPostPol @ChrisChristie When doing a CNN interview, you can blow hot air about attacking women. Did you mean it? #GOPDebate #…"
eng	negative	"God was mentioned in #GOPDebate more than twice the time the constitution did."
eng	negative	"He won that debate but if you are even considering voting for that piece of trash you need to be evaluated. #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"If you listen closely,all the Repub. candidates r talking the same nonsense as Trump. .@NYTimeskrugman: http://t.co/KQemVNMXja  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"During the #GOPDebate, @megynkelly used biased personal attacks on @realDonaldTrump. We wanted to hear legitimate questions. Shameful."
eng	negative	"In the @AP factcheck of the #GOPDebate Jeb Bush appears to come off looking the worst... http://t.co/IrZVUGgYCu http://t.co/6EhHQjEYG2"
eng	negative	"RT @GregAbbott_TX: Dear @FoxNews: I could create millions of jobs &amp; a 4% growth rate by eliminating ObamaCare gutting EPA &amp; repealing Dodd-…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: The repeal of an #NRA-backed military gag-order contributed to a 22% decline in military suicides in 2013 #GOPdebate #gu…"
eng	negative	"The only thing that could've made last night's #GOPDebate more amusing would have been:  #CowBells!  #MoreCowBells http://t.co/F76MsA5b8t"
eng	negative	"You forgot to mention the thousands killed by the rise in  GMO Manbearpig attacks @WhiteHouse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KonaLowell: Republican audience loudly cheering inhumanity, warmongering, lies and racism with wild abandon. So yeah, nothing new. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"It's so funny trying to watch people act smart talking about the #GOPDebate when clearly they know nothing. 😂"
eng	negative	"RT @svme: Not quite, Jeb. How about a little truth? http://t.co/M3VPNb1KnT #BATsAsk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RadioBear13: Who else is watching the new episode of The Biggest Loser on @FoxNews right now? #GOPDebate #TYTLive"
eng	negative	"I don't think I've ever seen a bunch of dudes so afraid of one woman as during last night's debates. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate - They dummies couldn't lead a circle jerk!"
eng	negative	"Hmm, just found out that as CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina was fired and shipped 1000s of jobs oversea. Not good 4 economy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@awyattman88 Hilary however can &amp; will win. It's why, at #GOPDebate she was the most talked about person.  They know they can't beat her!"
eng	negative	"Someone at CNN said that last night's #GOPDebate should've "gone full reality TV with celebrity judges and a gong." Hilarious!"
eng	negative	"Fox &amp; executives' attempt to kill Trump's buzz/momentum could have had the opposite effect -- a 'martyr effect.' #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheAtlanticVamp: I've said it before: if he talks to Rosie O'Donnell, and now Megyn Kelly, like that, imagine how he'd speak to Angela …"
eng	negative	"Advice to #GOP candidates in order of how I think they finished 2nd place Rand Paul Keep Swinging &amp; crying Constitution #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @BreeNewsome: Donald Trump is the Nene Leaks of the Republican Party. READ, HONEY, READ. 😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump wants a "big beautiful door" in a wall for immigration. This door is on his fly. #GOPDebate #Wives"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @foxnewspolitics I was really looking for a debate of the candidates not an attack on Trump - #notfair #notbalanced"
eng	negative	"RT @ullikemike: #Trump was spot on in his description of business bankruptcies. Playing by same rules as all businesses. #GOPDebate  https:…"
eng	negative	"Who CARES @BernieSanders socialist COMMIE says n #GOP #FOXNEWSDEBATE!  His policies will destroy country! #gopdebate https://t.co/vtPrBB8J8l"
eng	negative	"RT @ZeitgeistGhost: And the winner of the 1st #GOPDebate is.... @HillaryClinton !!!  What a mob of lying pandering jackasses ...."
eng	negative	"Interest take on the aftermath of the first 2016 #GOPDebate We're actually talking about who &amp; when a candidate looked presidential @cspanwj"
eng	negative	"RT @VishalDisawar: .@realDonaldTrump - "We need to keep illegals out". How about we keep Donald Trump out. #GOPDebate #immigration"
eng	negative	"If @realDonaldTrump is complaining about hard questions from a "bimbo" like @megynkelly, how is he to lead America? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Oh, and climate change? Crickets. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @palmaceiahome1: Rush Limbaugh "Fox News made the debate seem like there is a Republican war on women."  #EpicFail #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate is just embarrassing"
eng	negative	"I did like @FredToucher's #GOPDebate analysis where  some guy made a great impression and then couldn't think of his name.#Kasich"
eng	negative	"Hard to take sides in the Donald Trump vs. Megyn Kelly dilemma when both are equally deplorable. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Sad to think Russia, China likely know more about Hillary Clinton's email server than Congress" - Scott Walker #GOPDebate #quotes #truth"
eng	negative	"RT @GetUpStandUp2: #BATSAsk where's the humanity? #GOPDebate I see humans, but little to no humanity. http://t.co/ecz8WovIki"
eng	negative	"@mitchellreports Trump is negotiating a deal w/ the GOP! He's leveraging by threatening to go 3rd party unless he's the nominee. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mariaguido: GOD IS A WOMAN, AND SHE'S PISSED. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The #macdebate may have been just as nonsensical but it did offer a more varied and colourful cast of characters than the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly I'm so disappointed. I lost total respect for you and will no longer watch your show! @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @DrZhivag0: I think after the #GOPDebate  last night it's official. Our election process has officially become a reality show! Trump/Kar…"
eng	negative	"RT @summer4jul: Hmmm. GOP warmongers. What about poverty? Education? Jobs? #BATsAsk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly #KellyFile Ur inner @KarlRove was on full display at #GOPDebate against @realDonaldTrump. No wonder #CNN and #NYTimes loved it."
eng	negative	"RT @HayesBrown: Fact: Before Jeb was governor, Florida was run by a death cult. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kristawelz: Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain 💧 that grows flowers 🌷, not thunder ⚡️. #edchat #GOPDebate #GOPDbate #edcampgl…"
eng	negative	"I barely know how to manage my life,  but I think I have a good shot at running for president now.  #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"@TwitchyTeam Why haven't I seen coverage on your site about the outrage over @megynkelly of @Foxnews during the #GOPDebate #InquiringMinds"
eng	negative	"RT @jessicahagy: A great primer for all the topics to avoid this Thanksgiving. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This has got to be a joke, right? Does one of these morons from the #GOPDebate really have a chance at being president? I'm actually scared."
eng	negative	"@daveohoots I've avoided the debates personally, the #GOPDebate just looked like a clown circus."
eng	negative	"People of the #GOPDebate last night denying they support rape/incest exception like its a bad thing... #thisissobackwards"
eng	negative	"RT @Eitanthegoalie: Imagining Fox News correcting it to "BERNARD Sanders" with the same anger and cadence that they say "Barack HUSSEIN Oba…"
eng	negative	"Honestly, Donald Trump you were ALL types of petty at last night's #GOPDebate �� --&gt; http://t.co/6WIztltokv http://t.co/aHgh2Cb4mg""
eng	negative	"Every @tedcruz answer at #GOPDebate: 50 sec of "everyone is corrupt and/or immoral and everything stinks," followed by 10 sec of "not me.""
eng	negative	"Glad to see SOMEBODY fact-checking #GOPDebate. #Fox let lies slide last night &amp; rest of #media not much better.  https://t.co/R8bBw43Z2c"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnLibertyUSA: The most amazing outcome of the #GOPdebate is that @MeganKelly still has a job at @FoxNews. Most pathetic moderator eve…"
eng	negative	"RT @thehumangraham: How the hell do people come to the conclusion that @realDonaldTrump won the debate by a landslide !! #StandWithRand #GO…"
eng	negative	"@OnBakerStreet @FrankLuntz @maxwelltani I dont watch debates with intent of letting moderators direct my vote. Total sham. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tweetybirdnerd: #RonPaul proved at the #GOPDebate That he isn't ready or qualified to be #POTUS"
eng	negative	"RT @DaneCook: This just in... God leading in the polls after the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bourgeoisalien: When are they going to have the swimsuit competition? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PennBat: "We fought the teachers union"--.@ChrisChristie ...and how did that improve New Jersey schools? #BATsAsk #GOPDebate .@NJBatsa"
eng	negative	".@hardball_chris Whines about No Voter ID, Issues Moms 'Care About' in #GOPDebate  http://t.co/HAHrepIUkT"
eng	negative	"So we have Americans getting beheaded overseas and @megynkelly is worried whether @realDonaldTrump calls Rosie O'Donnell fat? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump mightn't have declared bankruptcy, but now that corporations are people, his corporate offspring have #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: I just have to say I like @megynkellybut but she has gone over the top. She was trying to be the star instead of the candidat…"
eng	negative	"RT @PresidentMadan: This comes as a generalization but most Americans care too much about eloquence and not enough about substance. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @tedcruz is it really worth mentioning the Reagan thing? you know correlation and causation are 2 different things, right?"
eng	negative	"RT @dawnintheworld: #BATsAsk @RealBenCarson Can you do some quick brain surgeries before the curtain goes down on tonight's #GopDebate?  @B…"
eng	negative	"Good job, you have just stooped to the level of the two biggest jack asses in "Entertainment"👏🏼  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/unbe3HIn5V"
eng	negative	"Love how .@megynkelly BAITED .@realDonaldTrump with women question. Then he gave .@Rosie airtime she couldn't have paid for. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GrnEyedMandy: It is pretty terrifying that conservative women seem to be just fine with government controlling women's bodies.  #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	""I never heard the word income equality, climate change, voting rights." via @BarbaraBoxer #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I think after the #GOPDebate  last night it's official. Our election process has officially become a reality show! Trump/Kardashian 2016?"
eng	negative	"RT @GetUpStandUp2: The vouchers create conditions of corruption, @jebbush.  They have have re-segregated schools! #BATSask #GOPdebate http:…"
eng	negative	"Preview of Donald Trump tonight at the #GOPDebate (Vine by @CaseyBake16) https://t.co/KqJCtDAuqf"
eng	negative	"Time to watch the white devil hoopla...I mean the #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyOsborne180: #GOPDebate #BATsAsk Same old talking points. Why no solutions beyond cutting taxes for rich? http://t.co/JwdCZYYPwm"
eng	negative	"RT @HRC: For too long outdated ban has discriminated against qualified transgender Americans who simply want to serve their country #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"2016 bender starts now #SkimmLife #GOPDebate http://t.co/S1aKZ2OC7i via @theSkimm"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBardockObama: Is this a debate or a comedy central roast? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bourgeoisalien: This is the most fucked up production of "12 Angry Men" I've ever seen. I assume Quentin Tarantino directed it?  #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Love this! Hilarious. #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/gKdaQXMum2"
eng	negative	"At least the Fox moderators didn't ask Republican candidates what they weere going to do about Global Warming. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I love how @megynkelly who holds the highest position of any media figure on Fox is asking questions about a Repub war on women #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"As funny as Twitter was last night during the #GOPDebate it is fucking scary that this is one half of the selection, for the POTUS! #newlow"
eng	negative	"Advice to #GOP candidates in order of how I think they finished 3rd place Ben Carson you'rve been noticed flesh it out  #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"Before we give @megynkelly credit for bad-ass questions, let's be real: It was all pre-written by FOX to frame the debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FrankTheDoorman: The winner of the #GOPDebate is anyone who didn't watch."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate you can't lie in 2015. you just can't Twitter exists. Google exists. jfc"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump Calling someone a fat pig isn't about "tone" #GOPDebate  https://t.co/2B39l6KSbD"
eng	negative	"Fact checking is always my favorite part of the debates! Do most presume politicians' words are truthful? Scary. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump reminds me of Frank Underwood from @HouseofCards. Nothing good can come from this. #huffpost #GOPDebate #politricks"
eng	negative	"Received a call from @realDonaldTrump begging me to watch #GOPDebate &amp; judge him over performance he put in."
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: Ben Carson never being talked about in elementary schools during Black History Month ever again, dawg. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @scottsigler: Looks like Wheaton's Law "Don't be a dick" doesn't apply to people Tweeting about #GOPDebate. Then again, does it ever cou…"
eng	negative	".@IvankaTrump Call your father out re: comments about @Rosie. Supposedly he listens to you. SHAMEFUL. You've got daughters. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jenniferweiner: So Trump is proud of making money in Atlantic City? Or proud of filing for bankruptcy and leaving? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #Walker16 #GOPDebate. Stupid is as stupid does. http://t.co/TjvtUWVt6E"
eng	negative	"Tell me @marklevinshow, when are you going to moderate a #GOPDebate? It's the only chance to give conservatives a fair shake. #FauxNews"
eng	negative	"Gawd forbid any of the GOP candidates win in 2016. As a woman I fear for women if any of those men take power. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Wolfrum: It seems that the #GOPDebate was kinda dull cause candidates being plain ol' racist, sexist warmongers just doesn't do it anym…"
eng	negative	"RT @peoplefor: Here's what Mike Huckabee's anti-choice remarks from last night really mean: http://t.co/xcVekaU2bl #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @hipsterocracy: If I wanted to watch this many white men that hate women talk I'd have gone to an open mic. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Wonder if @Megynkelly is as smug this morning....  Debbie Wasserman Schultz reacts to the #GOPdebate... https://t.co/oCNo5mPgUh @foxnews"
eng	negative	"RT @anna_strophe: Paul: "I want to collect more records from terrorists, but less ... from innocent Americans." PERFECT INFORMATION IS NOT …"
eng	negative	""@ThePatriot143:  this is hilarious! http://t.co/u9rfFMqPtU #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 http://t.co/mSdyK7NUJt""
eng	negative	"One thing in the debate was evident, apart from Trump, Rand Paul is the most absurd choice for a candidate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Like you could have told me that the #GOPDebate was hosted by @TheOnion and I would have totally believed it. #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"Loop, baffled by the #GOPDebate refusal to address climate change @darth http://t.co/BC9cAhhHJL"
eng	negative	"RT @DeadLioness: Ironic that they pronounce it "I-ran"  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @forgedbytrials: @rushlimbaugh notes @CarlyFiorina nails it. @TheDemocrats are a dangerous #AssaultWeapon on #USA #TCOT #GOPDebate   htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: Trump haters seem especially mad today. I wonder why lol? Whiny little bitches should get over it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BOUNCE_COMIC: Black folks looking at @BenCarson2016 like... #GOPDebate http://t.co/PU672WgzYm"
eng	negative	"To me it looked like Jeb doing Ferrell doing W. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My take on the #GOPDebate . @realDonaldTrump talked too much about how great he is zero on his plan. @SenTedCruz didn't get to talk enough."
eng	negative	"@JohnKasich No where in the bible does it say God gives unconditional love. His love is very conditional &amp; depends on r behavior #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz Mr. Trump, do you have any idea how unhinged, bitter, vindictive, and petty you sound with this? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BlackPearlMoi: DeclarationOfIndependence mentions 3 Rights: Life,Liberty&amp;thePursuitOfHappiness.  #GOPDebate reveals denial4someOfUS! ht…"
eng	negative	"I can think of at least 1 person @CarlyFiorina shld've replaces. Was @JebBush even on the #GOPDebate stage? 😕  #tcot http://t.co/PP1S25CVyM"
eng	negative	"RT @dannyfratella: mortified by the ignorance of the republican frontrunners. who in their right mind would let one of these clowns run a c…"
eng	negative	"RT @mattymonsterz: I AM SCREAMING 💀💀💀💀 #GOPDebate http://t.co/yrsGber2nG"
eng	negative	"RT @allisonkilkenny: This is basically what the GOP is always saying, but stripped down, minus the euphemisms #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"if I have to see one more fucken #GOPDebate email, txt, or post I will break my computer in half. dont give these idiots the time of day"
eng	negative	"RT @SeaBassThePhish: What if Donald Trump has been a liberal this whole time and he's just running to prove how stupid the GOP is? #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"So,we can poke at #trump for the nasty things he said to Rosie in the past but, who hadn't shot off their mouth?#skeletons anyone?#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Maybe they were right to try &amp; destroy Obama in 1st term. It's hard to imagine being led automatically by an old White guy."
eng	negative	"IF I YELL LOUDER THAN MAN I AM BETTER MAN #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So @realDonaldTrump calls women fat pigs disgusting animals. Sez just kidding, we're having fun.  What's this we, white man? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #Walker16 #GOPDebate who side is this turd on????????????????????????????????????????????????????? http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @Schwabcycler: “@megynkelly focus group picks Huckabee comment on Pres. #Obama &amp; Iran as top moment of #GOPDebate.” says a lot about tha…"
eng	negative	"After last night's #GOPDebate, I think it's clear that #JohnMcCain is the Aegon Targaryen of the #Republican Party. #GameofThrones"
eng	negative	"RT @ahzoov: File this under: Subjects Overlooked in the #GOPDebate http://t.co/L4X9stUjVM"
eng	negative	"@Salon @AntarianRani - It's sinking in with the #GOP: can't keep blaming the Dems, so they direct frustrations at each other. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: "If you don't get the Military Right, nothing else is going 2 work…" - Carson. This is exactly why Obama attacks our Military! …"
eng	negative	"RT @minasmith64: You're behaving like a dumb #Feminist when you blame Misogyny for person's  response to your unwarranted attacks. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPdebate showed that the GOP candidates are out of touch with workers, women, people of color and basically anyone not rich."
eng	negative	"RT @impetu4: Can we also compare and talk how many minority American citizens have died due to "self-defense"? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If @megynkelly is a bimbo, as @realDonaldTrump says, shouldn't he have had a super easy time answering her questions? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: "Conservatives want live babies so they can raise them to be dead soldiers." -George Carlin #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @marcorubio after the #GOPDebate it seems that God has punished you..."
eng	negative	"Why does Christie keep saying he was appointed as US Atty Sept 10? He was appt in December of that year. Come on, dude #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Davids_Brain All that talk abt pro-life &amp; not 1 suggestion on what to do w/ forced birth babies. The poor get poorer. #prochoice #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A takeaway from last night's #GOPDebate: Sen. #RandPaul doesn't belong in the heavyweight division #NotReadyForPrimeTime"
eng	negative	"It must be awful living with the paranoid worldview presented at the #GOPDebate.  These guys need therapy, not public office."
eng	negative	"7 Disturbing Megyn Kelly Moments On Race https://t.co/Mmh7abJQK5 #topprog #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkMMcClain: The Left always tells us of whom they are most afraid. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ib6o7f755V"
eng	negative	"RT @ItsShoBoy: #GOPDebate’s Biggest Winners–And Losers http://t.co/wMmnx3AjGE Latin@s Think All @GOP Lost Because #ImmigrationReform #TNTVo…"
eng	negative	"RT @zackisthe: Just a few things not mentioned in the #GOPdebate: Voting rights Climate change Gun violence Police shootings Student debt I…"
eng	negative	"RT @peddoc63: This is why @realDonaldTrump is polling so high! Got it👉🏾LIARS✔️ @jimlibertarian @MaydnUSA #GOPDebate @CarmineZozzora http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @rachelheldevans: #GOPDebate: Plague of political correctness keeps us from torturing prisoners and calling women "fat pigs" &amp; human bei…"
eng	negative	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #Walker16 #GOPDebate What a Koch http://t.co/mrhu93tQDM"
eng	negative	"RT @BitchestheCat: No rapists in my backyard. Sorry @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #bitches2016 #AmericaMeow http://t.co/n6o8SY2231"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateJake: Hey @FoxNews - keep that degenerate @DWStweets FAR away from ANY #GOPDebate.  #tcot #ccot #ycot #tlot  #PJNET #icon http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @tanvi_madan: For the umpteenth time — Iran is not an Apple product. ih-raan not iRan. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Because we can't make up this shit. #GOPDebate #lol"
eng	negative	"I think @_Hetrick in particular would like this @latimes entertainment take on #GOPDebate http://t.co/eecRwTlkEl"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Dear Dr. Ben Carson: A CANTICLE FOR LEIBOWITZ is not a hopeful vision of the future. #tithing #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @therightswrong: Head Of #RandPaul SuperPAC Indicted With 3 #RonPaul Staffers, Helped Pay Off state senator for endorsement #GOPDebate h…"
eng	negative	"RT @VishalDisawar: Dear @FoxNews, how about you stop using the word 'illegal' when talking about immigration. No human being is illegal. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: Obamacare suppresses wages and kills jobs? #JebBush #GOPDebate http://t.co/eha7FscJgX"
eng	negative	"To Walker, Cruz and Carson: You didn't take swipes at anyone in #GOPDebate. That just makes you look sad and lonely: http://t.co/mTuIDQhR8C"
eng	negative	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #Walker16 #GOPDebate "Stupid is as stupid does". Quote Forest Gump. http://t.co/cukNlvtoSi"
eng	negative	"RT @saramarietweets: You should've made @realDonaldTrump answer about God, @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier. That's crappy that u didn't. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @secretcabdriver: Because EVERYTHING he says is a lie. #tcot #GOPDebate #p2 https://t.co/snDQwf6cLC"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump got the most time out of all the other ten people. #isthisajoke #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @joegarofoli: The party of business? Word "technology" not mentioned once at #GOPDebate http://t.co/gQtdMHvn21 via @sfchronicle http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean:  Fact: Scott Walker Lies More Often Than He Tells The Truth http://t.co/DY4Jz3x9pi #GOPDebate http://t.co/ZLo08jtFnR"
eng	negative	"RT @JimKilbane: #unions #teamsters #Walker16 #GOPDebate Facts are facts people. http://t.co/IEYSqoZDwD"
eng	negative	"For someone who doesn't care who he offends, really gets offended easily... #GOPDebate #talkingaboutyoutrump @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"#Rubio said he was worried about all the people who can't get in. How about worrying about those born here 4a change #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @sbthistle: #GOPDebate "I think God's a pretty fair guy." God's not a guy, Dr. Carson. Women as well as men are created in "God's image.…"
eng	negative	"RT @peterdaou: Complete #climatechange blackout at the first 2015 #GOPDebate. Unreal."
eng	negative	"@SenatorBoxer @mitchellreports other loser in #GOPDebate - the environment!!"
eng	negative	"No Cecil the Lion question. No Salt River Horses question. Cmon Fox News. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's official; #Trump is GOP's Frankenstein 'a monster &amp;they cannot control him #GOPdebate #AboutLastNight  http://t.co/n2X8mQYFS6"
eng	negative	"RT @ZeitgeistGhost: I did watch all 2nd string #GOPDebate ... can tell y they are 2nd string.  Not enough original stupidty and hatred.  Ju…"
eng	negative	"@PoliSciUMN did Ted Cruz just misspeak when he said during his closing statement that he would "persecute religious liberty?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The Biggest Reality Show on Earth. #GOPDebate http://t.co/hfqxstl4XF"
eng	negative	"@BRappy55 RT @HuffPostLive: Last night's #GOPDebate in a nutshell. http://t.co/E7oOAW7nEa"
eng	negative	"So the @realDonaldTrump is running so he can be in his own pocket instead of bribing politicians second hand #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	""I will defund Planned Parenthood!" because fuck reproductive health amirite??? LESS SEX ED! MORE BABIES! #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SternFanNation: #Trump Scalps @megynkelly of The #GOP Establishment on #GOPDebate  #TrumpWins #WWE #ECW #WWF #NWO #BWO #FoxDebate RT ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @LandoKardashian: The #GOPDebate featured a true "confederacy of dunces"-- a group of dunces who want to revive the Confederacy."
eng	negative	"RT @YoungBLKRepub: Only Rosie O'Donnell. #GOPDebate http://t.co/BVGULzHvHR"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: Marco Rubio is like a little boy compared to the others—talks an extra sentence after bell shows his balls have yet to drop!…"
eng	negative	"You can't just bring up god for all of your fucking answers. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bellykagby: No uterus, no opinion. Why am I watching a bunch of men discuss the future of women and their bodies? Confused? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Politics4dum: 67 honorary degrees Ben Carson has and still has no brain! #Republicandebate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A shocking photo taken in the sewers in Ohio after the #GOPDebate last night. http://t.co/vZd9qTCYz1"
eng	negative	"Me while everyone was talking about the #GOPDebate last night http://t.co/7v9JEDC8Z7"
eng	negative	"Vermont socialist sees #GOP as out of touch. In the USA. #GOPDebate #BernieSanders  https://t.co/2tuJhvo2DJ"
eng	negative	"@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate Debates SHOULD be, "Why we should vote for you" NOT LOW BLOW Q's and Personal Attacks!"
eng	negative	"RT @cmclymer: Yes, folks. You heard him right: if a woman is raped, she has to keep the baby.   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Is someone going to ask the other GOP candidates why someone so racist and sexist is appealing to their party? #Trump #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"RT @madiallman: Trump's the drunk guy no one wants at the party #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @amaraconda: republicans always do that "what if" shit when it comes to abortion what if the people killed by police wouldve cured cance…"
eng	negative	"RT @dick_nixon: Megyn Kelly sends us fruit from time to time. You know the fruit that's arranged like flowers? But it's fruit? We've never …"
eng	negative	"Trump Donated to Hillary &amp; supported Dems for YEARS-Now he says he's conservative &amp; runs 3rd party?? NO SUPPORT #Tcot #GOPDebate #ccot"
eng	negative	"Language is beautiful http://t.co/GFyTi5ilVC #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"The bottom line - @realDonaldTrump was dirty-worked by two A-list @FoxNews anchors. Not sure why. But it definitely happened. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If your sole takeaway from the #GOPDebate is "they're dumb," then you're no better than you think they are."
eng	negative	"My takeaway from the #GOPDebate is that the #GOP believes we live in a terrible apocalyptic world, surrounded by scary people. Sad."
eng	negative	"Very disappointing!!! Energy policy finds little room in Republican debate http://t.co/Uua4a1OX9F (via @DCExaminer) #EagleFord #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebate takeaway: #America is a country that applauds a bully, fears foreigners, and wants the system to be... http://t.co/pTXCIt493m"
eng	negative	"Watched a part of the #GOPDebate last night. Hilarious that @ScottWalker thinks he has any chance. Let alone any of the candidates. 😂😂😂"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate more so resembled the interview portion of a beauty pageant, drawn out, than an actual debate."
eng	negative	"How can anyone take Trump seriously? #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Am I the only one perved out by Scott Walker's wink at the beginning of the #GOPDebate #icky"
eng	negative	"RT @412V70: Not mentioned in the #GOPdebate: Voting rights Climate change Gun violence Corrupt police Student debt Inequality Money in Poli…"
eng	negative	"#TPFA @TPFA_KathyA_1&lt;=Declined 2 comment Can't locate "Proe" $100 says ants didn't watch #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/2VgoCBDpyX"
eng	negative	"RT @SorahyaM: All I learned from the #GOPDebate is that everybody grew up poor, they're all sassy, and they don't know how to answer a ques…"
eng	negative	"Advice to #GOP candidates in order of how I think they finished 4th place Chris Christie you're foes are Bush &amp; Kasich #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"The 8 Most Ridiculous Questions From The Fox News Early Debate http://t.co/yHQ16eHFfr via @thinkprogress #GOPDebate #KidsTableDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SenPaulStrauss: #GOPDebacle It's just frightening... And yet I can't look away!  #SendInTheClowns #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Smith83K: Ok Jeb! Tell us again how the #KXL creates "high-sustained economic growth" when it shoots right through the country for expo…"
eng	negative	"RT @GayPatriot: Hey @JebBush - American citizenship is NOT a universal human right.   #NoMoreBushes #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@rushlimbaugh yep @megynkelly sucked at #GOPDebate  @realDonaldTrump  country is in a mess &amp; debate questions Terrible"
eng	negative	""There was no winner in #GOPDebate, there was a clear loser, women and families." @BarbaraBoxer"
eng	negative	"RT @TheAlexanderW_: This is for @JebBush and common core supporters everywhere! #StopCommonCore #GOPDebate http://t.co/nJa3vZgBip"
eng	negative	"A debate between bunch of retarded psychopath #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OnTheFitz: My thoughts on last nights #GOPDebate http://t.co/x7BcRyR0F9"
eng	negative	"RT @keithinabox: My reaction to every candidate during the #GOPDebate http://t.co/ReXDL58bqN"
eng	negative	"So we're going to talk about Trump's bankruptcies but not Fiorina's tenure at HP?  Adorbs.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BillHemmer &amp; @marthamaccallum were professional &amp; fair. @megynkelly &amp; #ChrisWallace were neither. #GOPDebate #FoxDebateDisaster #TheFive"
eng	negative	"RT @snoopsrulez: This is what is known as the blame game. #GOPDebate never #TellingItLikeItIs @NJBatsa http://t.co/1WBMval01w"
eng	negative	"RT @RobertLeger: 50 years ago fearmongers said JFK would take orders from the pope. Now, Fox wants to know if candidates take orders from G…"
eng	negative	"Preview of Donald Trump tonight at the #GOPDebate (Vine by @CaseyBake16) https://t.co/NfoIPr3Vej"
eng	negative	"RT @Atheist_Tweeter: I hate #FoxNews as much as the next sane person, but I'll give it to them, they don't like Trump and aren't afraid to …"
eng	negative	"new @AHSFX concept- "American Horror Story: The #GOPDebate""
eng	negative	"Who won the #gopdebate? Billionaires &amp; bankers. Who lost? The rest of us. #debatewithbernie http://t.co/RFpNbtsoW6 http://t.co/FUBtFWNO2d"
eng	negative	"RT @TomAdler: Not mentioned in the #GOPdebate: Voting rights Climate change Gun violence Police shootings Student debt Inequality"
eng	negative	"RT @halrudnick: Candidates, how do you propose to keep White Walkers north of the Wall? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: How pathetic &amp; transparent -&gt;.@FrankLuntz goes right after @realDonaldTrump &amp; is doing his best to push Rhinos! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly reminded me of @HillaryClinton last night, and that's NOT a compliment! #GOPDebate #GoTrump @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was vicious thanks to this guy here http://t.co/c6UXed2WLU"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: If you're just tuning into #gopdebate there's no money for struggling Americans and unlimited money for war."
eng	negative	"@RMConservative: #GOPDebate: Did Cruz Trump Trump Last Night?  https://t.co/yrjQln6Ibb via @CR"
eng	negative	"Millions of #Conservative #Americans, myself included, find the #misogyny of  #DonaldTrump totally offensive and unacceptable. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Oh Donald, again with your angry misogyny. You are just incorrigible. Now tell us more about Trump Wall." -- #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"File this under: Subjects Overlooked in the #GOPDebate http://t.co/L4X9stUjVM"
eng	negative	"Doesn't it bother anyone that the GOP is primarily white. At some point you have to step back &amp; realize it doesn't reflect the US #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I know RWers like to show power,but did @FoxNews have to rub the 5:00 #GOPdebate candidates noses in the fact that THEY r the #JVteam?"
eng	negative	"RT @RudyHavenstein: Chris Christie, shown here swallowing a fly during Thursday's #GOPDebate #OhGodMakeItStop2015 http://t.co/z2VX3CRiDr"
eng	negative	"@audreycnn @MbasuCNN why didn't the #GOPDebate mention this"
eng	negative	"RT @laureldavilacpa: #GOPdebate Perry wants war! #IranDeal #Hillary2016 #UniteBlue #PDMFNB #p2 http://t.co/I3UxAhYmJg"
eng	negative	"Not one clown on that stage of idiots last night, can match PBO's accomplishments #GOPDebate #voteblue2016 http://t.co/xocShaANDf"
eng	negative	"RT @kylebelanger1: #UponFurtherReview: #DonaldTrump was the dad in the #ODoyleRules family. #BillyMaddison #VapidBully #GOPDebate... http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @Akhenaten15: The @GOP is against abortion but had no problem killing more than 575,000 Iraqi kids in 2000 &amp; another 56,000 Iraqi kids i…"
eng	negative	"How can anyone take @realDonaldTrump seriously when he's talking about Rosie O'Donnell at a debate? #GOPDebate #asshat"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump, did you realize that even @FoxNews forgot about our Vets last night? It only came up at the last min. So sad. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bodysculptorokc: I think Ben Carson would make a much better Surgeon General, than a president  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyLeeGrahn: Woke up to screaming about Mexicans and vaginas. NEVER fall asleep with Fox News channel on. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LizHernandez: This is a complete 🎪 with plenty clowns. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""He buys &amp; sells politicians" is any quote n #GOPDebate which demonstrates how messed up $ and pol system is @Thom_Hartmann @DylanRatigan"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: These guys are trying to trump each other in crazy so hard by the end of the night we will have declared war on the moo…"
eng	negative	"RT @Mike_Thoms: If there's one thing to take away from last night's #GOPDebate it's that improv comedy is alive and well"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate RE: audience cheer at Trumps insults: Anyone who takes delight in hurting others needs to examine the state of their own soul."
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: 20 minutes in the #GOPDebate and candidates have spoken more about the rights of fetuses than the rights of women in t…"
eng	negative	"RT @adbridgeforth: Any Questions...  #GOPDebate http://t.co/millo7rchh"
eng	negative	"Just muted #GOPDebate  …ahhh, peace and quiet."
eng	negative	"RT @joeltena: #GOPDebate #RealLifeInTheUSA RT @JuanG_Arango: When white people say "Homeland" ... I get REALLY scared."
eng	negative	"RT @aikieagle: #GOPDebate social issues strategy: offend as many women, races, and non-Christians as possible. Play the smallest violin for…"
eng	negative	"@BretBaier Mr Baier SHAME ON YOU. First ? About 3rd party.Something like WHO wants a wall on border, more pertinent. #GOPDebate #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"Unfollowing everyone who tweets more than 2 times about the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @BettyBowers: God is apparently, quite the prankster, who has egged on these narcissists to embarrass themselves by saying, "RUN! RUN!" …"
eng	negative	"Did @FoxNews, which excluded the only woman in @GOP field from first debate, ask Trump if he was part of the "war on women"? Yep. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @levarburton: Wait... What???? That was it???? #BlackLivesMatter #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If he didn't before,@realDonaldTrump is gonna have a war on @megynkelly now! #justwar #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JoshMalina: "And now for our 27 second Lightning Round on racial issues." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #MegynKelly is a talking head like the rest of them There were wonderful intelligent candidates we ought to be discussing instead"
eng	negative	"It's fascinating to see the post-post #GOPDebate analysis this morning. I'm wondering if all these commentators watched the same thing I did"
eng	negative	"RT @keithboykin: One softball question on #BlackLivesMatter. One quick answer. Done in 30 seconds. Then commericial break. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was ummm terrible"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: How disgusting is @megynkelly's tone, Show some respect toward's God and all of us who put him first in our lives! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"http://t.co/OvG0auASYi... oh my, really? y'all thought @realDonaldTrump won last nights #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JuliaWeingarden: That whole question about God was extremely inappropriate. I guess in the world of Fox News only Christians can have a…"
eng	negative	"RT @deejayedee: Such sob stories - poor Repub boys! Where are the tissues? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @madyclahane: srry rather not have decisions over my body being made by men that can't count to two #GOPDebate  https://t.co/1Ps81yQaOl"
eng	negative	"The race for the #GOP Presidential nomination was a riot! LOL! I didn't know the circus was in town! Wow! #GOPDebate http://t.co/jQ1cnfgGwY"
eng	negative	"I suspect if I watched the #GOPDebate I would need to keep a bucket handy. I saw the Trump clip and threw up in my mouth within 10 secs."
eng	negative	"RT @Urza83: @POTUS just watched the #GOPDebate  He got a good laugh. #UniteBlue #LibCrib #TYT #tcot #topprog #p2 #TNTweeters http://t.co/Aj…"
eng	negative	"Last night’s #GOPDebate had talk of God and Gays but what about the Guns? The only lives that seem to matter to that bunch is the unborn."
eng	negative	"Imagine a #Trump Administration dealing with a US-Russia crisis.   WWIII #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @newlinla: My friends' 3-year-old's thoughts on Donald Trump are hilarious. #UniteBlue #GOPDebate http://t.co/gJ37M8NaM9"
eng	negative	"Problem with #GOPDebate too many candidates, no one got enough time to answer ALL important questions. Can't wait for the herd to thin"
eng	negative	"@LLAmos @SprightlyMagic Considering which debate it was, I can't blame them! I might need to join them! Thanks #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Dreamdefenders: "Unite everybody"... Really? Does that include people of color? The LGBTQ community? Women? #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So funny that @ComedyCentral should host the next #GOPDebate @mtaibbi"
eng	negative	"Tough to watch the #GOPDebate and not sense that @FoxNews' line of questioning was trying to depose @realDonaldTrump and anoint Jeb."
eng	negative	"Trump didn't pledge to not run third party, but I'll pledge to vote third party if he's the nominee. http://t.co/3teP5ZSZUn #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @michaelsnook: I can't wait for the meme about Donald Trump's beautiful, classy door at the border. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@debrahendrix @Mellynjess  Me2. Failed CEO says former FLOTUS/ US Senator/ US SOS is a "liar" &amp; media decides she won #GOPdebate. smh"
eng	negative	"RT @ImmigranNacion: @RandPaul #GOPDebate #USA, seriously, would you vote for any of these CLOWNS? We NEED #CIRNow #AINF #TNTVote http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate got you down? Just remember, these things happened in #America. http://t.co/rrjvRkAzCz"
eng	negative	"RT @TheSamhita: I have a #GOPDebate hangover. I didn't drink anything, just the idea of one of these people being President made me tired a…"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate RE: @POTUS is your problem!Ucan continue 2ignore facts of evidence he's a SNEAKY SCUMBAG #BITEME http://t.co/2P7WF9o56H"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: The most surprising part of last nights #GOPDebate was that @megynkelly didn't attack Trumps hair. @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @Leapoverthat: nothing really as refreshing as hearing the top 1% instructing civilians how to handle and cope with poverty #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"with more reflection &amp; a good nights rest I've come to the conclusion that last nights #GOPDebate was a roast competition more than anything"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate I'm really happy you cut back taxes in your state but it's still unclear how I'm going to feel safe in my own country..."
eng	negative	"RT @JessicaValenti: Thinking of tweeting the debate the way the media covers women in politics. GAWD THEIR VOICES ARE GRATING #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @withlove_eb: Ben Carson is at the #GOPDebate like.... http://t.co/CM6Ya8NQEV"
eng	negative	"Who needs coffee in the morning to get fired up when you can just talk to your co-workers about the #GOPDebate?"
eng	negative	"RT @Mamadoxie: Yeah the liberal lap dog media loved the #GOPDebate but the people who actually WATCH @FoxNews loathed it. FOX will pay.  @r…"
eng	negative	"@RickSantorum eugenics? And you are in the side of Racist Nativists who want to restrict LEGAL immigrants like me. U lost 5votes #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's Adolf Hitler ! No, no, I don't wear my hair like that. Jonathan King  #FridayFeeling #GOPDebate #InternationalBeerDay Off Top"
eng	negative	"RT @Social_Mime: Huckabee says a fetus has constitutional rights and yet doesn't have a social security number, much like illegals. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @apunkfemme: how are yall "pro life" but you're pro war, pro guns, pro "i pretend to care about a fetus but not actual living children" …"
eng	negative	"With some of @realDonaldTrump's past positions, it would have been fun to see him run against @HillaryClinton in Democrat Primary #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bamasevere: Megyn Kelly shouldn't be worried about Trump's party loyalty. We watched her transform to a liberal in 3 hours. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Roxsett27573: Why is #outnumbered trying to make the #GOPDebate more exciting than it was? @foxnews has all shows promoting the weak de…"
eng	negative	"RT @CaseyWertz_: .@FoxNews How much did the rest of the group pay you to give them real questions and give .@realDonaldTrump bullshit quest…"
eng	negative	"RT @BrandonLavy: @BenCarson is wrong. What makes America really great is not our unity but our respect of individuality. (1/1) #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So I guess Trump Is paying off people to win debates now. 😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jennifernvictor: Wait a sec. Social Security wasn't robbed to pay for Obamacare, it was robbed to pay for Iraq war (and a bunch of othe…"
eng	negative	"RT @aLocalGyro: Very worried about America right now. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trumps attack on Megyn Kelly prove her point for her that he has a woman problem. Unless they like him he attacks them. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's funny to see a bunch of grown ass men, trying to scare America about a woman running for president.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"What I'm reading says Donald Trump was front runner &amp; star of #GOPDebate! Like how is this possible? Wasn't he boo'ed? #WasntAbletoWatch"
eng	negative	"@Pedinska Absolutely. Sane Twitter was *MOST* entertaining last nite. Moar #GOPDebate please! @Terry5135"
eng	negative	"MItt Romney may be a billionaire by the time this Republican primary is over just based on the email list rental. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Each #GOPdebate should be staged with one chair too few. Loser left standing banished to the fighting pits of Mereen."
eng	negative	"RT @merket: Anyone else notice Carlton during the #GOPDebate last night? http://t.co/uk6weKJENU"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: The moderators essentially did not address any issues of criminal justice during the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: Sounds like the #GOPDebate needs to be reminded that 12.8 million jobs were created over 64 straight months of growth ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @fakedansavage: American Women: Given a choice between you and the fetus... Scott Walker picks the fetus. Prolife... just not pro-your-l…"
eng	negative	"Seriously, #Trump is dangerous for the whole world. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Scientific Studies and #GOPDebate Proves #Republican Voters Are Stupid http://t.co/5Iv60GaKsC #tcot #PJNET #FoxNews http://t.co/qqsG5aaV9x"
eng	negative	"RT @jennifernvictor: .@RandPaul "We're borrowing a billion dollars a minute."  I'm pretty sure that's not right. #factcheck #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It was only the first debate but these next round of questions must come from more intelligent ppl #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @EdgeofSports: The #GOPDebate would have been so much more entertaining if everyone was a Minion version of themselves."
eng	negative	"RT @jenniferweiner: Trump's going to say he fired God. Or that God auditioned for "Celebrity Apprentice" and Trump turned him down. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"And she's all like... #GOPDebate (OK, last one I promise but just couldn't help it lol) http://t.co/IE9KkupD2Z"
eng	negative	"“Trump showed what kind of Republican he truly is — the snake variety” http://t.co/aQzGeGt7Tb via @debrajsaunders #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DillonFox5: No surprise here.  Trump: "I don't have time for political correctness"   #fox5atl #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BettyBowers @Davids_Brain Gotta love that #GOPDebate logic. Mind boggling."
eng	negative	"RT @OutSideDBox1: @Livestream #GOPDebate either way if Donald Trump runs as an Independent which no one will vote for anyway"
eng	negative	"RT @marciakimwong: 90 minutes into the #GOPDebate. The voters have spoken. http://t.co/tCcm986iYi"
eng	negative	"RT @alexandergold: No one is actually voting for these idiots, right? This is just a fun event for SNL? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPdebate (finally), can't help but think an American Idol format would probably be better that our current system."
eng	negative	"Last night's #GOPDebate was not a debate at all. Trump dominated the show &amp; t'was unfair to other candidates such as #BenCarson , etc."
eng	negative	"@guypbenson @megynkelly was as good as any Fox commentator could be. Thank you for calling out his cral Megyn! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"FOXnews wasnt available to the mainstream public, only the subscribers.so many Americans missed the debate #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"All the #GOPDebate coverage focuses on Trump, but besides some zingers was a crappy performance. Cldnt answer most direct/pointed questions."
eng	negative	"Does #Trump2016 negotiate the price by voter? #GOPDebate "I'm discussing it with everybody... talking about a lot of leverage" @BretBaier"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why is FOX telling it's viewers not to support Trump. I think that is disengenuous! Is Cruz next? FOX News is in love wit…"
eng	negative	"RT @dhniels: You know who @ChrisChristie was giving hugs to? THE FAMILIES OF PEARL HARBOR VICTIMS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FrankLuntz #GOPDebate focus group looked like it might be a Luntz family renunion! Real @realDonaldTrump supporters are LOL at you! #joke"
eng	negative	"It is pretty terrifying that conservative women seem to be just fine with government controlling women's bodies.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolHello1: #GOPDebate: @FoxNews Failed!! https://t.co/grlzFHS8pb"
eng	negative	"RT @JoshuaACNewman: I notice the #GOPDebate is at an hour when anyone with a job can’t see the trial-by-feces event take place. Only the re…"
eng	negative	"@Mobute ..... If he gets the nod, he will be stopped in the general election. If not, he will hand the election to the dems #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#DonaldTrump said a whole heck of a lot, but "Ben Carson doesn't have any policy ideas" #GOPClownShow #GOPDebate  https://t.co/tIrxOlDwVe"
eng	negative	"RT @MercuryOneOC: The gave Trump twice as much speaking time as Walker #GOPdebate  #TCOT #LNYHBT"
eng	negative	"RT @Ornyadams: Single payer... no way! I would miss paying ten different bills after my annual physical. Where's the fun in writing one che…"
eng	negative	"Anytime there is an opportunity to define the opposition, take it. Things I wish I saw at the #GOPDebate. This mess, is the #Liberals mess."
eng	negative	"RT @Dan_DelGrosso: This whole debate is screwy. Boy, do politicians dance around topics. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Why Pretend Hilary only Democrat Running? Obviously You're All More Afraid of Having to Debate Bernie Sanders!"
eng	negative	"No mention of climate change at #GOPdebate?"
eng	negative	"#Hillary spent #GOPDebate night hanging out with a rude rapper &amp; reality show queen who's claim to fame is a sex video. Way to stay Classy."
eng	negative	"RT @lamejess_: Dear GOP, say it with me, "God is not relevant to politics. Religion has no place in gov't." Thx so much that wasn't hard wa…"
eng	negative	"RT @TayKayPhillips: "I didn't know how Hillary would spend her money but I gave it to her anyway... please give me the government" #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  #Republicans vs #Democrats is #fake like #wrestling, I mean sports entertainment...so we have political entertainment!"
eng	negative	"@Dance_Reader Tame reporting by the BBC. Must have been the best "show" on TV last night! Wish I'd seen it! #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"@Reince you are an IDIOT and @realDonaldTrump is a Racist Nativist. We need a New Chairman..  you stink.. #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @rachelheldevans: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." - Seems like this would be really insulting to those…"
eng	negative	"RT @ANOWRT: Trying to get over last night's debacle #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @chrishudsonjr: I just want to see a #GOPDebate where "God", "American Dream", and "Ronald Reagan" don't count as actual arguments."
eng	negative	"Hairball ended his clown campaign. Trump debating is like giving a loaded gun to a monkey. You watch only to see who gets shot. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Didikatz: @ZeitgeistGhost #GOPDebate last night clarified that it's not a clown car, it's a loony van of sociopaths."
eng	negative	"RT @goldengateblond: The one thing I've learned here is Donald Trump's co-stars on his new reality show don't seem to like him very much. #…"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate Made for great TV. If I was a Repub I'd want Kasich/Rubio (or Fiorina) but I'm not so I don't."
eng	negative	"DeclarationOfIndependence mentions 3 Rights: Life,Liberty&amp;thePursuitOfHappiness.  #GOPDebate reveals denial4someOfUS! http://t.co/5QyKiPOinB"
eng	negative	"RT @goldengateblond: They just brought up Planned Parenthood, thus introducing the "no I'M more anti-woman" portion of our program. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: These low-polling candidates are the only 1 percenters the GOP doesn't love. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @L_EdwinSaar: Dr Carson: Progressives depend on the ignorance of the American people.   Said the man who compared Obamacare to slavery. …"
eng	negative	"RT @adelsbergerdan: After hearing the summary from the  #GOPDebate last night, if a Republican wins the election, we're screwed"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz, born in Canada. Nobody say shit. This stuff is comical. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @benshapiro: BTW, I cannot stand John Kasich. But he did well tonight. Which makes me slightly nauseous. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It seems that the #GOPDebate was kinda dull cause candidates being plain ol' racist, sexist warmongers just doesn't do it anymore."
eng	negative	"RT @AnneBayefsky: .@RealBenCarson: I’m the only one to take out half a brain but if you look at Washington you might think somebody beat me…"
eng	negative	"I'm pretty sure that Megan KKKelly had the biggest fake eyelashes ever at any #gopDebate."
eng	negative	"Intern on #GOPDebate: "this lady kept asking questions about gay rights and lesbians and women's rights. It was ridiculous.""
eng	negative	"RT @SpacePlankton: I really hope Shelli gets evicted then they announce a twist that brings Jason back. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Ben Carson essentially just said race doesn't matter. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So,@realDonaldTrump  is now whining because questions posed were not fair. #whinybaby #notpresidential #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump might've shot himself in the foot losing the support of women with this behavior http://t.co/JA96Jes4oU #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ThePhoenixSun a gay wedding is not a wedding #gopdebate http://t.co/0Vw7ht3uO2"
eng	negative	"RT @johnlundin: 17 Funniest Tweets on #GOPDebate Failing to Even Mention Climate Change http://t.co/CxOXwPA3j0 #climate"
eng	negative	"RT @hiphughes: "America is stupid. Mexico is really smart. Elect me or you're stupid too." ~Donald Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump is a breath of fresh air but increasingly careless and generic. Long road to the #WhiteHouse; could get stale #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump: Now some of the people you would least expect are calling me up and apologizing. #Hannity #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A debate should be between 2 candidates. Not between a candidate and a moderator. The moderators should be time keepers only. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @bree_mars: So about that "pledge"...I'll just leave this right here. @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @RonPaul @DanScavino #GOPDebate http://…"
eng	negative	"Donald #Trump: great television, horrible statesmanship. @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate And don't call me a "hater" because I am not. #Sad"
eng	negative	"@RealBenCarson was my early favourite until he compared taxes to tithing. Keep religion out it out dude! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @RandPaul so when 'the government tries to invade the church' there's an issue but not when religion invades politics?"
eng	negative	"Political debates teach marketers how not to message to audiences today. Be direct don't deflect! #GOPDebate @OrlandoDish @KeenaMcGee"
eng	negative	"The "If we knew what we know now" Q's regarding #IRAQ are idiotic as they are insulting to all of the #veterans who served there! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate most important of all Republicans will not get the Womens vote not even if they beg for it http://t.co/iovVW90aaX"
eng	negative	"RT @scarylawyerguy: We had a chance to secure Social Security surplus in 2000, but media decided they wanted to hang w/W instead of fact ch…"
eng	negative	"RT @NeinQuarterly:My only complaint with the political culture of the present: the politics. The culture. And the present. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Cjlewis99: @FoxNews moderators took up 32% of the air time. Guess who else got most the time? #GOPDebate #FoxDebate http://t.co/IZJ1N7a…"
eng	negative	"You know who @ChrisChristie was giving hugs to? THE FAMILIES OF PEARL HARBOR VICTIMS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @picsofmattdamon: Oh ho ho. A scene where #kieraknightley talks emotionally to some guy in the rain. #GOPDebate #cliche #WhitePrivilege"
eng	negative	"How can the candidates not mention any veteran issues besides firing VA Personal. Veteran homelessness in America is a disgrace #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: I hadn't heard Jeb speak for an extended period of time until tonight. I thought that he would be a better speaker. He isn't. #G…"
eng	negative	"@ZeitgeistGhost #GOPDebate last night clarified that it's not a clown car, it's a loony van of sociopaths."
eng	negative	"RT @michelleeeers: It's really hard to believe Donald Trump wasn't created by God as a work of satire #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kumailn: When Dr. Doom takes his mask off, it could be any of these people underneath. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kyaecker: Love to hear an apology from @megynkelly to @realDonaldTrump for dragging the debate into the toilet #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @barefootpagan: Gonna call it a night &amp; think of peaceful thoughts to erase the #GOPDebate from my mind. Blessed Be. http://t.co/pDI5czn…"
eng	negative	"@moe67 Oh I'm sure it did. Headlines this morning "#GOPDebate winners weren't #Trump or Jeb" Shocker  Boring BB show w Derrick  #BB17"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate staging evoked "Seasons of Love" from "Rent," says @CharlesMcNulty. More: http://t.co/bCpJvfxccB"
eng	negative	"RT @LailaLalami: Aaaand systemic racism is "all about training." Time for a commercial. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Could @FoxNews be any more blatant about their dislike for @realDonaldTrump? I dislike him BUT this was an uneven playing field.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: Tonight I am live-heckling #GOPDebate with @FrankConniff and @MykaFox at @QEDAstoria and we are sold out like Rand Paul."
eng	negative	"Didn't watch a nanosecond. #GOPDebate 💩"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Remember when Trump didn't apologize for calling women "'fat pigs" "dogs" and "disgusting animals"?  http://t.co/QgwM5…"
eng	negative	".@GayPatriot's takeaway from last night: "America Doesn't Deserve Ben Carson." http://t.co/kjGFYYpcTe #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Advice to #GOP candidates in the order they finished 7th place Ted Cruz more of same take more of the clock time #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @Pie_SocialMedia: At the #GOPDebate , #walker16 #scottwalker never gained momentum. Dead last. #epicfail #collegedropout #fraud https://…"
eng	negative	"@RandPaul totally pulled a Leeroy Jenkins last night at the #GOPdebate charging in against @realDonaldTrump  and had similar results. #WoW"
eng	negative	".@instagram Y’all taking down the @DreamDefenders account for criticizing the #GOPDebate is some bullshit."
eng	negative	"Watching FOX #GOPDebate (?) was like watching a football game where every time the ball is hiked... the refs all dogpile the same player."
eng	negative	"RT @TheDemocrats: Marco Rubio’s tax plan is pure 80s:  ↑ taxes for working families  ↓ taxes for those at the top.  #OMGOP #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"FOR SHIT'S SAKE... TURN ON THE TV AND IT WAS STILL ON FOX FROM THE #GOPDebate AND ALL I SEE IS PEOPLE GOBBLING @realDonaldTrump 'S KNOB."
eng	negative	"@Reince - That's because we all came for the laughs and bat shit crazy comments. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HellBlazeRaiser: @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier court @realDonaldTrump to boost their ratings, but try to undermine him at the #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheXclass: #GOPDebate taught us that it's OK to buy Democracy and sacrifice Other Peoples Kids in WAR! to make the whole thing profitab…"
eng	negative	"Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/YUikaXrvtV"
eng	negative	"Who Wants A Hug? #GOPDebate http://t.co/iaTS8vyx7c"
eng	negative	"Trump tanked, so you ignore every single other candidate?? #txot #ccot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That's a good way to dispel sexism charges for sure, calling a female journalist a bimbo. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/HARNfFYfdm"
eng	negative	"Treating women like human beings isn't political correctness. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Couranto: Rush now mocking Megyn Kelly as self serving &amp; narcissistic. #KellyFile #GOPDebate #FOXDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @benshapiro: This is the worst episode of Fox &amp; Friends ever. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @EliseVess: Healthcare used to be unavailable to low income people. The affordable care act isn't stealing it's healing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FMJAmerican: Megyn Kelly Chris Wallace and Brett Bair were no doubt posing questions to incite attacks and drama..and it backfired #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Why is #outnumbered trying to make the #GOPDebate more exciting than it was? @foxnews has all shows promoting the weak debate. #outnumbered"
eng	negative	"Waiting for the internet to do a mash-up of @realDonaldTrump's #GOPDebate highlights &amp; @RaeSremmurd's Up Like Trump: https://t.co/sZQBYrQwwz"
eng	negative	"Donna Brazile saying "They offered testosterone with a bit of Tabasco." Isnt this sexist too? Bad comment. #GOPDebate #donnabrazile"
eng	negative	"The winner of the GOP debate was ... Hillary Clinton! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly played the Female Card. It added nothing to the debate.  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/749kiiiO2A"
eng	negative	"RT @Bidenshairplugs: American kids of European ancestry are among the smartest kids in the world. Our problem is we are importing third wor…"
eng	negative	"But the sound bite Rush Limbaugh played was @CarlyFiorina on Hillary Clinton. #GOPDebate  Carly: Democrat party is undermining US fabric."
eng	negative	"Candidates who argue folks opposed to abortion shouldn't have to tax fund PP are gonna be mad when I tax veto this Mexico wall #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The fact that several #GOPDebate-rs admit a voice in their head told them to run underscores the need for a mental health system overhaul."
eng	negative	"Next #GOPdebate: reality dating show format in which Megyn Kelly  is the Bachelorette and has only 9 roses."
eng	negative	"RT @CarlSpry: #Outnumbered please don't jump on @Foxnews' bandwagon. Hold yourselves &amp; the #GOPDebate moderators accountable for their view…"
eng	negative	"Like #gop establishment, @FoxNews seems to circle wagons &amp; disdain #conservatives. Becoming CNN?  #GOPDebate   http://t.co/F2bOJSTiB5"
eng	negative	"RT @bengeesaman: Trump answers every question with an insult that is completely off topic. 😂 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"On energy, the Republican candidates sounded a lot like Obama? http://t.co/5LACcafUXW (via @slate) #GOPDebate #RepublicanDebate #EagleFord"
eng	negative	"To make it easier for you younger folks to understand...  @realDonaldTrump's douchebaggery game is on FLEEK!  #GOPDebate #whatadick"
eng	negative	"RT @socknstocks: I feel like trump's hair is enough to tell u he doesn't have a handle on things #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I was looking forward 2 a fair &amp; substantive #GOPDebate what i got was 3 Trump hating,libeRino Jeb luvin gop estab butt kissin tabloid filth"
eng	negative	"RT @2tuff15: Dont know who won the #GOPDebate but I know who lost....me, cause I watched it."
eng	negative	"Trump should become host of Fox News... maybe I'd actually watch it. Stand-up comedy at its finest #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"An illegal alien can be deported 5 X, make it back into the country, kill an American woman, but Trump can't call someone a dog. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deabillk: 99% sure none of these candidates have read the deal in full, yet they're somehow sure of its failure. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"If there's anything Republican candidates have learned from the 2012 election, it's nothing.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Were the #Koch brothers disappointed that the swimsuit portion was not aired #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Unlike John Kasich, I do not recognize and/or accept the @USSupremeCourt ruling on Marriage Equality #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Spot on by @NYTimeskrugman - #GOPDebate Presidential field "a lineup of cranks" #2016 http://t.co/WOQo4VLY9P"
eng	negative	"#RonPaul proved at the #GOPDebate That he isn't ready or qualified to be #POTUS"
eng	negative	"The Democrat Party is undermining the very character of this nation. -- Carly Fiorina #GOPDebate winner"
eng	negative	"I just noticed that Rubio's ears are huge. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JessicaValenti: If these dudes are so anti-abortion, I'd like to hear their plan for expanding birth control and Plan B. WAITING. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"@clarawrrr Pro life Till it gets a quality education &amp; rejects Conservative  principles. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Benghazi" @MikeHuckabeeGOP "ooooooooooh" - the crowd #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Scott Walker continues to nod in agreement with the other candidates praying he doesn't get called on again. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I didn't like the sophmoric bickering back and forth between the candidates.  Not very presidential. @OutnumberedFNC #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"No way around it, the GOP has to be embarrassed and discouraged after last nights spectacle...#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Fox moderators throw major shade at second-tier candidates. #GOPdebate http://t.co/XrBLFEm4Fy"
eng	negative	"Watching realDonaldTrump burn bridges to The WhiteHouse #Bernie2016  #GOPDebate http://t.co/6bJ5TjNLIu"
eng	negative	"RT @WlZKHALlFA: They have no knowledge about the Iran deal. At all. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Just replace the names from #GOPDebate debaters with #drake and #meekmill and they said enough for at least 6 tracks of straight #fire"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Great to see the crowd cheer for gay marriage, but depressing they also cheer for something as archaic as overturning …"
eng	negative	"RT @DadandBuried: Republicans love referencing the Constitution but REALLY seem to misunderstand the whole "separation of church and state"…"
eng	negative	"RT @captdope: Lessons learnt. Women must have babies. Education dumb. War good. Obama Stupid. Fuck immigrants. Trump Smartz. No healthcare …"
eng	negative	"RT @amphetamine47: I presume Megyn Kelly spent all night rolling her eyes to make up for all the times she couldn't during #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @msamysteele: We have separation of church and state. We have separation of church and state. We have separation of church and state. #G…"
eng	negative	"TaylorTwo9: RT WayneDupreeShow: Disagree all you want  #GOPDebate was hit job on realDonaldTrump and calculated mu… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"Lourack1: RT RollingStone: Fox News targeted Donald Trump at the #GOPDebate, but can Republicans call off the smug… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @OhsnapItsJenni: I think by calling @megynkelly a bimbo, &amp; generally denigrating her, @realDonaldTrump proved her concern about misogyny…"
eng	negative	"restorereality: Fuck ya Donald Trump you rocked #GOPDebate smoking all those pathetic career politicians! Keep up … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"Trump sycophants want to know what @megynkelly's "hidden agenda" was last night. Answer is simple: it's called a vagina. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Ben Carson doubts Hillary will be the nominee because the rapture is coming very, very soon. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm scared... Very very scared #rightwingextremism #GOPDebate #youcantbeserious https://t.co/kiAzKAKnxV"
eng	negative	"RT @iesrec: person: gay marriage? rand paul: GUNS? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"zoegberg: RT sarahkendzior: Can't believe people are writing real articles about who won #GOPDebate. We *all* lost… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"Trying to get over last night's debacle #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Where is a zombie Ronald Reagan when you need him? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GreeneHunter: Ben killed it tonight at the Gop Primary Debate!  #GOPDebate  #Carson16 #RunBenRun"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was akin to watching institutional crazies talk about what they'll do after they take over the insane Asylum. #Republican"
eng	negative	"chadstanton: RT brownblaze: PLEASE RT. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/TMrFNuVwNs http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Every thought of running for president? You offer same substantive, thoughtful critiques as in #GOPDebate  https://t.co/l597…"
eng	negative	"I'm still reflecting on the #GOPDebate that basically made me #GOPeeMyPants."
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Jeb Bush Worked For Cuban Officer That Plead Guilty To Defrauding Gov't of Millions http://t.co/xMO3SnlW1p #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"From first 10 cringeworthy minutes on, @megynkelly's awkward and snarky performance was embarrassingly bad. @BretBaier was a pro. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Oh no #ChrisChristie hugged the president, thank goddness #RandPaul was there to notice the democrat cooties. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@PostGraphics @FactTank Rate of speech can indicate confidence.Too fast, a swindler;too slow,unprepared #GOPDebate http://t.co/Fs7R705Es9"
eng	negative	"RT @odinseye2k: Shorter @JebBush - I was interacting with your betters / richers so STFU. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @patriotmom61: Did you know? Rick Santorum on Donald Trump and Donald Trump on Blue Collar Conservatives https://t.co/duUPR696nr #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @Smethanie: If women abort their rape babies, the fetuses will come back as zombies that dig holes under the fence and let the Mexicans …"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump was an incredibly unprofessional bitch who broke down the moment he realized everything was going wrong for him.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TroothBooth: The moderators were childish, disrespectful, flippant and inflammatory. Shame on @FoxNews.  @Kilmeade @sdoocy @ehasselbeck…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate When you're talking about the refs after the game they probably fucked up the calls. @FoxNews blew it big time."
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Common refrain at #GOPDebate? Blame political correctness for unpopularity of GOP positions -- vs, I dunno, UNPOPULARITY OF …"
eng	negative	"Anything to regulate banks is against the GOP mantra of “Money First.” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @edwrather: Only one question last night in debate about veterans &amp; that was only after someone in audience suggested it #GOPDebate #Tco…"
eng	negative	"I refuse to trust anyone who walked away from the GOP debate last night thinking that Ben Carson piqued your interest #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump proved he's a Trojan Horse &amp; running 3rd party which NO ONE should support #tcot #GOPDebate #ccot"
eng	negative	"#AmericasGotFailent      "@TheDemocrats: #GOPDebate is looking a lot like this: http://t.co/yqR5yBMolF” #TrumpEffect”"
eng	negative	"RT @angela_rye: You wanna know how to know #BlackLivesMatter don't matter in this #GOPDebate? Yall got ten seconds. TEN"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@ArthurA_P @raemd95 FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/yg…"
eng	negative	"RT @brainybug23: "For the very few that don't..." -GOP re police brutality #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@MitchellReports #NJ @GovChristie is #AmericasMostCorruptGovernor. @FoxNews didn't challenge him on any of his lies. #GOPDebate #BeanBag"
eng	negative	"RT @johnhawkinsrwn: Fox gets an "F" for their handling of this debate. 90% of what they've done is trying to get people to scream at each o…"
eng	negative	"@blackmagpie69 Then his brother lied &amp; sent +3k Americans to their death in Iraq! Who would vote for another Bush? #Trump2016 won #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KimAcheson: In two hours and with ten candidates the word "peace" has yet to be said. Citizens of America I give you your GOP. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @GABRIELPTA: @gotapoint @UrbnConservativ @peddoc63 @tedcruz was it me or did #GOPDebate try to minimize #TedCruz talking time? Everyone …"
eng	negative	"Living Colour - Cult Of Personality #GOPDEBATE https://t.co/xLwXoCZoa2"
eng	negative	"@RealAlexJones @libertytarian @JakariJax @LeeAnnMcAdoo Wether @realDonaldTrump is a trojan horse or not, is he worth a punt? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Rosie O’Donnell To Donald Trump: 'Try Explaining That 2 UR Kids': Like Explaining They Have 2 MOMs? #GOPDebate  http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: The GOP is focused on economic policies that favor the wealthy. Working families deserve a president focused on them. #OMGOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @TruthTeamOne: The big winner of the #GOPDebate wasn't Scott Walker, it was Johnny Walker. http://t.co/QZOApiEkCy"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Jeb Bush's Attack on Public Schools Diverts Public Money To Private Corporations http://t.co/xOnRLY0Ece #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	".@RealDonaldTrump Saw his shadow at #GOPDebate so he'll be with us for another six weeks."
eng	negative	"Painful to listen to answers to God question from so-called Christians who prove by their actions to be anything but Christian #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: How many blowjobs do you think Monica Lewinsky gave Bill Clinton in the oval office? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Republican debate: Trump was garbled, incoherent – but dominant http://t.co/jJhTkyoVmL #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Jeb Bush and GOP Need More Evidence for Climate Change Than They Do to Start Wars http://t.co/ngwiBlhwdQ #GOPDebate http…"
eng	negative	"RT @martian_munk: I don't recognize all of these candidates   #GOPDebate http://t.co/YUd3aSSRgh"
eng	negative	"RT @TatianaKing: It was a trainwreck in the truest sense of word. From the painfully awkward opening to the nonsensical answers to question…"
eng	negative	"RT @JimSterling: Donald Trump. Literally a five-headed dragon. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jenniferweiner: Candidates trying to out-anti-abortion each other. Contest ends when winner dismembers a woman of childbearing age on s…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheDailyEdge: #GOPDebate Walker's #jobs failure: "#Wisconsin’s recovery outpaced US before he took over but has lagged ever since" http…"
eng	negative	"@ChrisVernonShow The best part of the debate last night? The legs behind Bret Baier's head. #TrueStory #GOPDebate http://t.co/WEVgTvp7zp"
eng	negative	"RT @weeperwillow: #Fox News Fails To Disclose Its Pro-Walker Debate Analyst Is A Walker Adviser And Co-Author http://t.co/76AhMnCUHb #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @BarbArn: Time to be nasty with the #Media to remind them they are NOT royality. Let's start with .@FoxNews &gt;.@megynkelly, the loser of …"
eng	negative	"RT @barbthebuilder: . #GOPDebate drinking game: take a shot every time a candidate talks over the only female moderator"
eng	negative	"RT @PaulRieckhoff: Pathetic mention of veterans tonight. Pathetic. About the same number of mentions as mailmen. Tonight at #GOPDebate, we …"
eng	negative	"Legitimacy of TV news 2015: last night Jon Stewart was Cronkite &amp; Dan Rather was playing #GOPDebate drinking games https://t.co/dUu5VlUuhH"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: Megyn Kelly isn't slutty at all! #GOPDebate http://t.co/qy09cKxzzZ"
eng	negative	"#GOP w/ #GOPDebate proved once again they ARE #TheStupidParty... and hateful bigots @JenLLM @bimmerella @jared812 @stphil @PrinceDemitri"
eng	negative	"RT @KaivanShroff: #GOPDebate moderators in order of teeth whiteness... http://t.co/fwX3UeF40C"
eng	negative	"RT @viktorsald: Walker: "government should not invade churches"... but is it ok when churches invade government?  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Spends Less Than A Minute On Police Violence And Black Lives Matter http://t.co/V2qIrWDw5K #BlackLivesMatter"
eng	negative	"RT @SDB57: @Futiledemocracy It was an embarrassment. I wonder if they know how bad this looked to the rest of the world? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Thx to @FlashReport For the ink. #POTUS #GOPDebate @Brietbart   http://t.co/VtZMLUJRQi"
eng	negative	"RT @ayeedxnny: It's shocking that there are people out there who are supporting Donald Trump's ideas on running the country  cmon he's a jo…"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: Now if only @realDonaldTrump will go after ISIS and Democrats like he does Rosie O'Donnell &amp; the @foxnews moderators! #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @chrissiefit: I don't understand what I'm watching. This is a run through for an SNL cold open, right? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SimSoph: Quite something to watch the #GOPDebate vs the Canadian PM debate. How can anyone take American politicians seriously?"
eng	negative	"if your takeaway from #GOPDebate is that they're all terrible, i hate to tell you but that's a whole night of life you can never get back."
eng	negative	"RT @SaraLang: So...there's no space for a woman on stage, but we're gonna make way for G*d? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: My 5 year-old son saw @realDonaldTrump on TV and said, "Dad, the clown is on TV!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @worldmist1: Libertarian hate state power? Right?  Are they silent about this or my volume is on mute?  #GOPDebate #RandPaul http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"RT @GeneMcVay: #GOPDebate Was not a debate, it was a full fledged attack against Trump followed by more attacks on Trump. 2008 &amp; 2012 AGAIN."
eng	negative	"The Republican Party wakes up with a huge hangover, a splitting headache and no idea why it's in bed with Donald Trump. #GOPDebate #RSG15"
eng	negative	"RT @DonnieWahlberg: Not sure why @CarlyFiorina wasn't allowed in the primetime #GOPDebate tonight, but these guys are lucky she wasn't. She…"
eng	negative	"RT @KateAronoff: "I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City." Back off Jersey, Trump. Back. the. fuck. up. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""The purpose of the military is 'kill people and break things'" @MikeHuckabeeGOP Well @Caitlyn_Jenner broke world records, so... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Morning after the #GOPDebate &amp; #macdebate, @TorontoStar editorial cartoon laments #JonVoyage - so who really won...? http://t.co/aDakKBfBQU"
eng	negative	"RT @melissaroyle: Watching the Canadian #macdebate followed by the #GOPDebate is like playing Jeopardy followed by drunk naked upside down …"
eng	negative	"After watching the #GOPDebate it made me realize why i became a libertarian."
eng	negative	"RT @paulapoundstone: #GOPDebate Most of these guys say they want to run the Government, and then they say they want to get the Government o…"
eng	negative	"The day after the #GOPDebate. Where everyone talks about attitudes and personalities, and everyone forgets about issues."
eng	negative	"RT @WayneDupreeShow: 2nit's Q&amp;A was a turkey shoot. Kelly and Wallace totally emptied their clips going after @realDonaldTrump   Was Sad!  …"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate the election  is about the issues not bombastic personalities"
eng	negative	"surprised to learn that Ben Carson was part of the #GOPDebate last night... #BITCHWHERE ?"
eng	negative	"FrankLuntz LOL sham focus group, a bunch of Bush/RNC plants! #Trump2016 won #GOPDebate hands down! http://t.co/zQphlSqDUn"
eng	negative	"This is much more important than any #gopdebate  https://t.co/ziI1Mx72Gv"
eng	negative	"Did the @foxnews ever disclose how many of the #gopDebate participants had been on their payroll? #ClownCar"
eng	negative	"the lasting image of @facebook logo on @FoxNews during #gopdebate is another example that technology and its use is never morally neutral."
eng	negative	"So @realDonaldTrump attacks anyone that doesn't agree with him??? Isn't that what Obama does. #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @jangajentaan: Trump: I have no time for political correctness #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ABlanketyBlank: Mike "the purpose of the military is to kill people and break things" Huckabee #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @hsudavidt: #GOPDebate highlights how badly we need new vision for debate. Apply for this @CivicHall "Rethinking Debates" job http://t.c…"
eng	negative	".@hardball_chris hopes @FoxNews asks @GOP candidates about evolution #GOPDebate http://t.co/WcI7APyxOl Didnt bel've evolution til Michelle."
eng	negative	"RT @elonjames: Not to be funny but I think I may tap out of the #GOPdebate now. Not one of these dudes should do any of our Foreign Policy.…"
eng	negative	"So how long before Donald Trump gets distracted by a different shiny object? #Squirrel  I felt embarrassed for my nation during #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @chrissiefit: If I tap my heels together 3 times will Donald Trump go away forever? #BigBeautifulDoor #GOPDebate http://t.co/M2Ua3a3VK9"
eng	negative	"@BretBaier @SpecialReport @megynkelly Word of God - worse question of the night. Waste of time with so many important issues #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is the first person I've heard frame misogyny as a time management issue.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @whereisnatasha: What does the #GOPDebate have in common with @Avengers merch? A serious lack of women."
eng	negative	"The Clowns performed well in last night's circus. With Donald Trump as the Ring Master #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @SooperMexican: I will TAX your pimps and whores, AMerica!!! - Huckabee #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AdamsFlaFan: #NotHappening  Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/Tnftr1E0Te"
eng	negative	"RT @SereDoc: So Trump uses the GOP stage as he wants but reserves the right to destroy GOP chances in 2016 at any time? Great GOP leadershi…"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyWonka: Jeb: "I defunded Planned Parenthood"  He is proud that he denied thousands of women access to life saving healthcare.   #GO…"
eng	negative	"I don’t feel like Rubio answered the question about small businesses. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FrankConniff I'm confused. Was "It's clobberin' time" something said in #FantasticFour or by Trump in the #GOPDebate?"
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: Trump: I have used the laws of this country to rip other people off. And I'm awesome for doing it! Or words to that effect.…"
eng	negative	"Twitter hype ranks down GOP 60min: 1 Kasich -3 2 Santorum -1 3 Bush -1 #GOPDebate https://t.co/F687D6Objl #potus2016"
eng	negative	"I guess separation of church and state isn't a thing anymore in our country #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: Many Americans are outraged over emerging videos of....*omg finally police violence *...planned parent hood. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FoxNews should let someone else handle future debates. They are incompetent. #FoxDebate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Limbaugh says @realDonaldTrump "reactive" &amp; too inside the rules. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Protect the money. #GOPDebate http://t.co/7YWQGYDuKw"
eng	negative	"RT @thefallen29: You earned "Jeb"? Didn't know that was a title. #GOPDebate #lolgop"
eng	negative	"Just finished listening to the #GOPdebate; small glimmers of sanity in a heap of talking points and rhetoric. https://t.co/Nzceb95XYG"
eng	negative	"RT @inthequeencity: Politicians aren't even pretending to care about the female vote: http://t.co/83epVBwKOt #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DefenseBaron: Walker mentions uber rich counties (like mine) around DC. Leaves out mega reason why: defense contracting. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheUnquietOne: THIS JUST IN: Without God you'll become a childless alcoholic with a lot of free time. SIGN ME UP. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RadioVegan: He EARNED the title of "Jeb"? Huh? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kayski: They gave more time to God than they did about race relations. I don't know how to take any of these candidates seriously #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Hearing discussion of the #gopdebate with Trump as an honest candidate makes me question my radio station choice."
eng	negative	"I'm waiting for the next one where @jonstewartbooks will be at the kids' table.  Pretty sure he's Republican, ya? #JonVoyage #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT kayleymelissa: #GOPDebate is like the trial from The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Dona… http://t.co/jAqjwnndgB http://t.co/a2KOVJFhwp"
eng	negative	"WFIE 14 NEWS ARE U GOING TO REPORT NEWS AFFECT'N OUR NATION? https://t.co/bdXB2VkyQw via @YouTube @RealAlexJones #GOPDebate #GOP #RT #pussy"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @megynkelly U are not for conservatives or republicans nor or u fair/balanced. U want to control us &amp; pick OUR candidate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump: “Bimbo” Megyn Kelly behaved “unprofessionally” and “very badly personally” during #GOPDebate. http://t.co/RGlmP105NA"
eng	negative	"#RealityCheck: Rupert Murdoch &amp; Valerie Jarrett gushing over Jeb Bush (&amp; each other) #2016election #GOPDebate http://t.co/Ml4uvBrUVv"
eng	negative	"Simply half-catching morning-after clips of #GOPDebate, I have 2 wonder y anyone would want any of these arrogant hard-hearted folk as prez?"
eng	negative	"@IngrahamAngle "@CarlyFiorina ran away with it." #GOPDebate #Carly2016 https://t.co/rXJS2EMmdj"
eng	negative	"RT @amaraconda: take a shot every time u hear "repeal obamacare" and be prepared to get alcohol poisoning in the next 10 mins #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"CNN &amp; the New York Times liked the #GOPDebate? Tells you everything you need to know. #ModeratorFail"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate or if he gets d GOP nomination, he will never get the Black, Hispanic, Asian, Gay, Unions, vote 2 win 2D White House"
eng	negative	"#Fox News Fails To Disclose Its Pro-Walker Debate Analyst Is A Walker Adviser And Co-Author http://t.co/76AhMnCUHb #GOPDebate #ScottWalker"
eng	negative	"RT @ChloeAngyal: "As Jesus once said, Ronald Reagan is great and capital gains tax is bad." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DoctorGooFee: #GOPDebate...#Trump...if he hadn't before...last night...likely lost the "#ChubClub" Vote.. #RosieODonnell"
eng	negative	"RT @AfricanaCarr: Today is the 50th anniversary of the #VotingRightsAct and not one question in tonight's #GOPDebate . Message received, lo…"
eng	negative	"RT @ZeitgeistGhost: Kept thinking when #GOP Governors in the #GOPDebate talk about their 'accomplishments', yeah but u FAILED and are unpop…"
eng	negative	"Did they really not mention Trump's comments about John McCain and POWs last night during #GOPDebate or did I miss it ?"
eng	negative	"This is how @bpolitics describes Megyn Kelly before quoting her Trump sexist comments question. Irony? #GOPDebate http://t.co/e1dHZKtjDw"
eng	negative	"RT @SwayzeGuy: #FoxNews hosts were fist bumping each other after the #GOPDebate was over. Megyn "Crowley" was particularly proud of herself…"
eng	negative	"What if Donald Trump has been a liberal this whole time and he's just running to prove how stupid the GOP is? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trying to find a spot in the #GOPDebate last night so I'm watching it on mute and fast forwarded. Much better this way."
eng	negative	"RT @GlitchxCity: Donald Trump is only a publicity stunt and a phase right? Right? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How many people didnt get to see the debate because they dont have  cable or satellite?.and fox news isnt free #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GayAtHomeDad: "Old-fashioned" = homophobic.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When did the path to becoming President become a reality tv show focused on shock value? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @carljacksonshow: #Trump likes socialized med and paying off corrupt politicians. Conservatives like him, why?#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Pretty pissed I missed the #GOPDebate 😞"
eng	negative	"ClaudiaAvaloss: Last I heard, bimbos vote. ✅ #KellyFile #GOPDebate #ThatsAll http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @JulieWeise: A little history from yours truly re: immigration sparring in #GOPDebate  https://t.co/m59gDl3ZGt"
eng	negative	"RT @AuditTheMedia: US #GOPDebate could stand to learn a lot from the #GEDebate format. BBC did a much better job than Fox News"
eng	negative	"Mood after #GOPDebate http://t.co/404gmXjf64"
eng	negative	"I'm officially calling pro-choicers "science deniers." #prolife #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When you have to whine about how you're "your own man," you're probably not. Talking to you, @JebBush. #JebBush #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I would of guessed it was his haircut. #GOPDebate #ScottWalker  https://t.co/rYvtecZ0pm"
eng	negative	"EmmaJeter: Watching more on the #GOPDebate and if Donald Trump wasn't such a misogynist pig he wouldn't be a compl… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @brianinoty: LET'S NOT FORGET no one has ever been shot for "not being politically correct" no one has had their liberties violated over…"
eng	negative	"FORWARD_future: RT 1Marchella: This is straight up #fascism. #GOPdebate https://t.co/XwMlIzGgdS http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"laprofe63: RT LoseThosePoundz: When you're searching for a comeback but you really don't have a clue #GOPdebate … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"adamkareem: Was that a #GOPDebate last night? All the smack they were talking about each other seemed more like le… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"Last night's debate only proved that we will never move forward as a nation until we stop voting in #Democrats &amp; #Republicans. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate failed to mention Climate Change even once. Which is odd, considering all the hot air."
eng	negative	"RT @JeneralPR: Not a single mention of voting rights during the #GOPDebate on the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. Just awful."
eng	negative	"RT @JeffersonObama: The President trolling Cruz during debate #GOPDebate http://t.co/ZB2NT2JvLE"
eng	negative	"Never Forget: Ted Cruz Never Supported Amnesty. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Cruz is pretty much saying "I plan on repealing Obamacare, and not doing shit about healthcare afterwards" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie, shown here swallowing a fly during Thursday's #GOPDebate #OhGodMakeItStop2015 http://t.co/z2VX3CRiDr"
eng	negative	"RT @WendyLiebman: I watched the #GOPDebate with the Benny Hill theme song playing."
eng	negative	"RT @Andrew_Marcinko: Here's a FB photo of the guy who asked whether the candidates had spoken to God at #GOPDebate. Color me surprised! htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @AuditTheMedia: You could've asked 20 questions to the entire field in 100 minutes, #GOPDebate, instead you struggled to get an average …"
eng	negative	"RT @EvanJKessler: I can't believe they went with the question "any of you guys talk to god lately?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Local talk radio in LA is the best the morning after a presidential debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not sure about Jeb Bush, but one thing I know for sure is that he didn't help himself w/last nights #GOPDebate. @OutnumberedFNC @ericbolling"
eng	negative	"RT @thisbrokenwheel: People who five minutes ago were advocating for more violence in the Middle East now straight-faced defend the sanctit…"
eng	negative	"RT @adbridgeforth: Fox News Fails To Disclose Its Pro-Walker Debate Analyst Is A Walker Adviser And Co-Author http://t.co/LPOdl5Pt1t #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Fox's lady viewers are pissed at Megyn Kelly. Doesn't Megyn know that a good RW woman takes men's sexism with a smile &amp; silence? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lizadonnelly: I put pearls on Jeb! because he looks like his mom. I drew the #GOPdebate last night… https://t.co/MQRw3Qy5YB"
eng	negative	"RT @1Marchella: This is straight up #fascism. #GOPdebate https://t.co/OL2kRvNQuu"
eng	negative	"Was that a #GOPDebate last night? All the smack they were talking about each other seemed more like leaked lyrics from their diss tracks"
eng	negative	"Libertarian hate state power? Right?  Are they silent about this or my volume is on mute?  #GOPDebate #RandPaul http://t.co/ueKBwu19lh"
eng	negative	"Last time, it took 5 days. How long will it take Jeb this time, to correct his horrible Common Core answer at the #GOPDebate?"
eng	negative	"RT @lizadonnelly: Political nonsense last night. #GOPdebate (See all on my http://t.co/x6hXFxQjgd site.)… https://t.co/f0UQP5U0Wv"
eng	negative	"RT @DonlynTurnbull: Rand Paul called himself a Reagan conservative??? #GOPDebate http://t.co/rJsuJATjCo"
eng	negative	"@RealAlexJones  After watching the debate, i felt that Donald Trump is the new Ross Perot. Do you feel this way as well? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NETRetired: “@AdamSmith_USA: democrats watching the #GOPDebate http://t.co/OjuKqGCdb7” @gop love unborn, it's after birth they starve t…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly KILLED it last night, and @realDonaldTrump came off as his normal petulant, name calling, thin-skinned self. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rand shoulda pulled a pocket copy of the Constitution out and invited Christie to read it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GretenDave: A lot of Jeb! backers shaking their head, wondering what they just sunk their money into after last night's #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @queenaeIin: GOOD GOD YALL WE'RE DONE GOIN TO CHURCH #GOPDEBATE"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump seems a little flustered about @megynkelly... what, can't handle being called out for being trash? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Advice to each #GOP candidate in order of how I think they finished 9th place John Kasich Contrast with Bush more #gopdebate #tcot #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy: Another group of men taking pride in telling women they should have no choice in what happens to their bodies.  #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Save America per #GOPDebate . 1. Stronger military 2. God 3. Kill Obamacare 4. God 5. Fix stuff 6. God"
eng	negative	"RT @ItsJaneLindsey: #GOPDebate was like seeing the personal hell God has planned as payback for me not believing in him."
eng	negative	"RT @DanielGenseric: .@megynkelly doesn't like @realDonaldTrump or @AnnCoulter. I wonder why. #AntiWhites FORCE #immigration/#assimilation. …"
eng	negative	"Reading all the blogs &amp; comments regarding last night's #GOPDebate- folks all saying the biggest looser of night was @megynkelly of @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @BRios82: Trickle-Down Econ &amp; your Brother's Recession caused more Poverty. @JebBush....Want to lift them out of poverty? Raise Wages! #…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate last night is what we call "diarrhea of the mouth""
eng	negative	"Conservative media's influence on the #GOP: "They don't give a damn about governing" http://t.co/a8uth6vmCH by @calmesnyt #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump: the candidate for people who haven't meaningfully updated their views since they saw Rising Sun in theatres. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@rushlimbaugh is making a great point. When the NY Times, CNN, et al sing the praises of the #GOPDebate moderators, you know it was bad."
eng	negative	"Steps to help you understand #KKKorGOP: 1) define rhetoric, 2) consume #GOPDebate rhetoric, 3) spot similarities. https://t.co/lkuHW2NRXs"
eng	negative	"@mitchellreports @CapehartJ #RandPaul had a good point, but then turned it into something sophomoric w/ the hug comment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate either way if Donald Trump runs as an Independent which no one will vote for anyway"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was great if you enjoy watching 10 men who forgot they took a laxative earlier in the night. http://t.co/QChYNKfR70"
eng	negative	"Was Chase A. Norton's "God" question on last night's #GOPDebate serious was he just trolling??"
eng	negative	"@GuardianUS yes, thank you! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate watching highlights from last night wow these people are really immature, women bashing and yelling over who got a hug #UniteBlue"
eng	negative	"Score B+ candidates C- moderators, just full of themselves &amp; their presumed cleverness. Just my take. .#GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"Politicians aren't even pretending to care about the female vote: http://t.co/83epVBwKOt #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @elonjames: Ben Carson is why the caged bird said "Nah. We don't know him. "   #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"That 'God talks to me' part at the end... Milk out of my nose #GOPDebate #notfromUS"
eng	negative	"Paul/Christie Debate Hurt Both Candidates. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"is suffering from an existential crisis.  Is there a need for @WallyWeeins when we have a @RealDonaldTrump?  #GOPDebate #GOP2016"
eng	negative	"@HillaryClinton watched the #GOPDebate with the #Kardashians   #usa #doomed #birdbrain"
eng	negative	"I do like #DonaldTrump for his ability to dig his own grave. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This is going to be a long, tiring election season.  "shockingly ill-informed" candidates at #GOPDebate http://t.co/vTK1k0tXiF voa @Slate"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: The policies of Barack Obama have managed to provide neither peace nor prosperity! #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz"
eng	negative	"Dear Internet, can we start #trumping as a thing? Did I make a thing? #trumping #Trump #GOPDebate http://t.co/MI35fDFFmy"
eng	negative	"@garbage_bones: what's the harder game: fuck marry kill w the gop debaters or the teen mom/2 shitty dads???? #GOPDebate #TeenMom2"
eng	negative	"RT @Zoe_Archer: Not watching the #GOPDebate but it sounds, from Twitter, like a race to the bottom."
eng	negative	"RT @KyleKulinski: Right-wing economics CAUSED the mortgage crisis &amp; the great recession. And now those same ideas are being proposed as sol…"
eng	negative	"BTW the correct response at last night's #GOPDebate would've been: "My faith is a personal matter &amp; unrelated to my aptitude as a statesman""
eng	negative	"Here's why Fox News wasn't streaming #GOPDebate last night: http://t.co/7soOwGIuno http://t.co/wX5gO1thNu"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Scott Walker is frightening. Like, when he speaks it's as if he's detached from reality and is just speaking. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So, I watched quite a bit of the GOP Debate. Trump is an idiot. #trumpisanidiot #GOPDebate #Libertarian"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyLeeGrahn: This is no joke.  http://t.co/bqAaTGjnfe #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Yeah the liberal lap dog media loved the #GOPDebate but the people who actually WATCH @FoxNews loathed it. FOX will pay.  @rushlimbaugh"
eng	negative	"Biggest problem with #GOPDebate? Fox moderators got more airtime - 31% of total! - than any candidate. #Rush #tcot"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly need to work for msnbc. She was the low point of the debate. #GOPDebate  @Foxnews @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Africa got ppl  RT' &amp; DL' #InternationalBeerDay #GOPDebate #fridayreads @timaya #AMAYANABO_cover  »» http://t.co/DRKtW64C1u"
eng	negative	"Not mentioned in the #GOPdebate: Voting rights Climate change Gun violence Police shootings Student debt Inequality"
eng	negative	"RT @drepurse: OK, so if we are gonna talk God, can we talk a little Pope, you know, the one who told you tackle climate change? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Did @FoxNews rig last night's #GOPDebate ?  Put tallest guy with the loudest voice in the middle &amp; give him the most air time Result obvious"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump Parody - FUNNY! https://t.co/NeymfCdJ4O #GOPDebate #Trump #Trump2016 #TrumpEffect #TheGoodLife #Trumpdates #Awepra"
eng	negative	"RT @cabot_phillips: Marco Rubio is treating the other candidates like Drake treated Meek Mill #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Where could I watch #GOPDebate again besides Fox? Fox stream quality is terrible!"
eng	negative	"Man, Rubio is a slide for "best guest actor in a comedy" next Emmy season. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Bill O'Reilly: Pandering O http://t.co/UoHxh0nrKZ  #1A☢#StopIran #GopDebate►http://t.co/ZWmstJJH16◄#19T$ #CruzCrew #rush #ycot #tiot #sot"
eng	negative	"Catching up on #GOPDebate tweets. I feel like I missed a real cracker. #lolgop"
eng	negative	"RT @whynotbecca: Tomorrow morning we all wake up and Ashton Kutcher pops out and tells us we've been Punk'd. #OMGOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Here's what I know for sure about the #GOPDebate @ 5 &amp; 9, there were 16 people on stage that I am not voting for. #Outnumbered"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie LIES:He was NOT appointed as a U.S. Attorney on the day b4 9/11 attacks. http://t.co/0uZmKVdWWT  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @hemantmehta: Trump's idea of "proof" is to talk louder. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Yikes. @RandPaul, "YOU GAVE OBAMA A BIG HUG!" @ChrisChristie, "I HUGGED 9/11 SURVIVORS!!!" #GOPDebate #Dialogue"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump need to grow some thicker skin, the @FoxNews moderator are not the problem. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @STOPTHiS: And the big loser if tonights debate is: Megan Kelly Megan you insulted our intelligence tonight.  #KellyFile   #GOPDebate #k…"
eng	negative	"The day after the #GOPDebate a man who is mean to everybody is complaining about everybody being mean to him. #TrumpTheWhiner"
eng	negative	"Most air time last night: THE FOX MODERATORS #GOPDebate Really? Why would they make me see more of the fake @megynkelly? That's just nasty."
eng	negative	"gop will keep looking inept next to trump until they can say, "some of you people don't mean shit to me." as well as he does #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rush now mocking Megyn Kelly as self serving &amp; narcissistic. #KellyFile #GOPDebate #FOXDebate"
eng	negative	"Here's why it was so frustrating to watch the #GOPDebate as a woman http://t.co/xXcH8PXagF"
eng	negative	"#Carly puts the boys to shame. http://t.co/GwUMbzWD0W #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#RUSH:  "#Fox moderators got 31% of airtime at #GOPDebate""
eng	negative	"RT @TheMorningSpew: Having watched the #GOPDebate, I can honestly say that I would vote for a rock before I would vote for any Democrat. So…"
eng	negative	"RT @JDWinteregg: No GOP POTUS will succeed if conservative reps can't "vote their districts" w/o fear of retribution. #FireBoehner #OH8 #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeDrucker: These candidates are against abortion because none of their presidencies are coming to term. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Now getting to watch #GOPDebate. Rand Paul bad hair Donald Trump worse hair Marco Rubio great hair Chris Christie fat."
eng	negative	"And it was ALOT of "I know you are but what am I!?" type of "comebacks". I sat there watching almost in disbelief #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: GOP Denied $50B Infrastructure, While Pushing $800B Unfunded Tax Cuts For Top 1% http://t.co/dBGqRCrVBF #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"Rush on #GOPDebate: "I have never seen this kind of public backlash against Fox News personalities since the network launched in 1997. #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @DemsAbroad: We're not saying everything they say is crap, we're just saying it looks a whole lot like what our cat ate 45 minutes ago. …"
eng	negative	"Why do you want people at your wedding whose presence has to be commanded? @realDonaldTrump  @TMP  #GOPDebate  #GodfatherTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @ShonTony: “@TheDemocrats: #GOPDebate is looking a lot like this: http://t.co/W8UMl4Cyee” #TrumpEffect"
eng	negative	"RT @Hardline_Stance: 10 million people watched FOX #GOPdebate last nite &amp; there's 40 million people tuned in right now to find out what I t…"
eng	negative	"What I learned from the #GOPDebate: Some guy's dad was a mailman. Jesus Christ is everyone's running mate. The GOP has run out of women."
eng	negative	"No channel to watch now. #CNN is liberal,#FNC &amp; @megynkelly r #RNC hitman #crony . @realDonaldTrump dont join #GOPDebate anymore #GoTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @SharkWeekTunes: When is #FoxNews handing out the Squirt guns?  #GOPDebate  http://t.co/Y2tkjQLMY2"
eng	negative	"Trump proud of misogyny tries to intimidate her. Ugh. Donald Trump &amp; Megyn Kelly at the Fox News #GOPdebate  http://t.co/PGQBMaRAGr"
eng	negative	"RT @Ian56789: Ask which of them is against #TPP job destroying Corporate Power Grab http://t.co/wHN0BLTejf #GOPDebate http://t.co/6giNJlaVI4"
eng	negative	"Here's why it was so frustrating to watch the #GOPDebate as a woman http://t.co/fh5XBOqW87 via @HuffPostWomen"
eng	negative	"RT @dagenmcdowell: If you don't want people to think about your weight, then don't style your hair like Bob's Big Boy, Gov. Christie. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Oh Poor,  Trojan Horse Trump pouting because he's a VICTIM Now?? #tcot #ccot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"still just baffled at some of the things said last night...I can't believe there's many people who take those assholes seriously. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate as a blogger  the debate was about making sure Donald Trump doesn't pull a Rose Perot, that is how Clinton won"
eng	negative	""I don't insult women, but the woman who brought it up is a bimbo." - Trump  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Politicians like .@HillaryClinton can accept money 4 campaigns from foreign donors, but Trump can't call someone a "fat pig." #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly #GOPDebate What's your thoughts on the comments on your Facebook page concerning #Trump ?s having a Motive behind them"
eng	negative	"RT @ZoeWentzel: The #GOPDebate got me like... #Hillary2016 http://t.co/zNulwsRGyh"
eng	negative	"RT @harikondabolu: Bobby Jindal said "Immigration without assimilation is invasion." OH MY GOD, THIS MAN HAS NEVER EATEN GULAB JAMUN. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump Aww, does him have a sad because he thinks the Fox News reporter was mean during the debate? #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"The nerve of Cruz to blame Obamacare on the greedy insurance companies raising their premiums for profit. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rajaChristina: Lst nt, #ScottWalker said he'd deny a rape victim n abortion.I guess you can love a fetus and still have no heart. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"What else is new. Should we pretend to be surprised? "#GOP @housegop candidates veer from truth": http://t.co/7ZpGWQrgoS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The loser of the #GOPDebate? The Republican Party"
eng	negative	""If I nod a lot when the black guy speaks, I'll look like I'm not an asshole" @ScottWalker probably. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""When the rich wage war it's the poor who die." Jean-Paul Sartre  This is now GOP foreign policy.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I presume Megyn Kelly spent all night rolling her eyes to make up for all the times she couldn't during #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"@FoxNews intentionally tried to shut @RandPaul out of the debate, 2nd least questions asked, last in speak time. just over 5 mins #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Out. Who do you think ur demographic is? Smart women dislike Trump. He was in over his head in #GOPDebate. He has zero policy specifics."
eng	negative	"RT @Diplomtc_Immnty: @MegynKelly tried to take out @realDonaldTrump &amp; got her azz handed to her. Now she's playing the victim-card. Own it …"
eng	negative	"We wont fund healthcare for our citizens but we will invest millions of dollars to build a wall to keep people out of our country #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Diplomtc_Immnty: @MegynKelly don't try to take out someone, then whine about it by playing the victim-card after you get owned. @realDo…"
eng	negative	"Not mentioned in #GOPDebate: voting rights, #climatechange, gun violence, police shootings, student debt, inequality. Duly noted, @RebLeber."
eng	negative	"RT @Steve6S: So from what I heard on the #gopdebate last night. A women should be charged for murder if she naturally has a miscarriage."
eng	negative	"Fire at @Reince. Fox scut dogs given the job of outing Trump as someone willing to use GOP but with no GOP loyalty? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I think we should call what #foxnews did to #trump last night the #humptrump campaign. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"Fox to Trump: Your financial practices are a shitty mess. How will you differ as POTUS?  Trump: I won’t. Other people did it too. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BBCNewsUS @realDonaldTrump Then u need to stop CRYING when you get questions you don't like. Toughen UP! Stop being such a baby #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BernardGoldberg: Does Donald EVER answer a direct question? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @imoore8904: Trump supporters tee hee &amp; laugh when he insults everyone under the sun. Cry foul when @megynkelly calls him on his shit. #…"
eng	negative	"In summary #GOPDebate #RSG15 http://t.co/FzNsfGkgOo"
eng	negative	"how is a #GOPDebate and #InternationalBeerDay ahead of #DragMeDownMusicVideo watch that change in a couple seconds.  #DragMeDownMusicVideo"
eng	negative	"TT:@ AriDavidUSA: BREAKING NEWS! Last night during the #GOPDebate megynkelly gained 300lbs and changed her name to… http://t.co/WbeymXHl3C"
eng	negative	"RT @NadineElhindi: A debate moderator's job is to ask tough questions, NOT to attack the candidates then play the victim. @FoxNews @megynke…"
eng	negative	"RT @casspa: First candidate to spend $1M and run this GIF in primetime ads gets my vote #GOPDebate http://t.co/dIkwaSJGrs"
eng	negative	"sydtrvp: RT BernieSanders: Oh. It was just a movie trailer. #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"TruthTeamOne: The big winner of the #GOPDebate wasn't Scott Walker, it was Johnny Walker. http://t.co/LOdMCzBPe2 http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"@HouseCracka There is a huge difference between battle with foes &amp; walking into a blue on blue ambush #GOPDebate #MegynKellyDebateQuestions"
eng	negative	"wwahammy: RT JRehling: #GOPDebate Donald Trump says that he doesn't have time for political correctness. How does … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RightDishonour: The Republicans' problem is not Trump, but the other 16 candidates #GOPDebate … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @meowmanifesto: weren’t barbaric white men “illegals” when they came here to steal from the natives? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LadyAodh: "#Diversity" is a code word for White genocide. #WhiteGenocide #RSR15 #GOPDebate #cuckservative #tcot http://t.co/NSmUx1vsWi"
eng	negative	"RT @parkerc2112: #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump can you imagine this buffoon addressing world leaders?"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate Is It Not True Extraordinary Allegations Requires What?Here's Proof @POTUS Is A Child Molester http://t.co/Kr55Ae6jUR"
eng	negative	"I liked her and was happy when I heard she was going to be the moderator. Not anymore. #GOPDebate @megynkelly  https://t.co/A6lWSN1qeK"
eng	negative	"RT @AC360: #JebBush made “W” look both eloquent &amp; brilliant… He looked like oatmeal getting colder - @VanJones68 on #GOPDebate http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @kingsthings: #GOPdebate included a show of hands like the 1st day of school. We're learning very little. 10 is too many &amp; I want cross-…"
eng	negative	"RT @HollandAutismMN: #GOPdebate @BenCarson2016 #CDCwhistleblower Ben govt fraud shows African American kids exponentially at risk for MMR a…"
eng	negative	"RT @OstimusPrime: How I feel about politics #GOPDebate http://t.co/uprwVEI4kR"
eng	negative	"@HLNTV @TheDailyShare People shouldn't have to watch HLN and Fox News just to try to piece together the whole story. #GOPDebate  #biasnews"
eng	negative	"The fact that young adults think #ClimateChange is the biggest issue for 2016 Presidential Elections is very scary... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"After reflecting some more on last night's #GOPDebate, I have decided @FoxNews really dropped the ball. Terrible questions and moderators."
eng	negative	"Great new @ScottWalker video. He consistently focused the debate last night on Clinton. #Walker16 #GOPDebate #AndWon https://t.co/DF8uNRiZRr"
eng	negative	"“That is nonsense,” Cruz said of what specialists in the region regard as a basic truism. | #GOPDebate | #whatajoke | http://t.co/2fWg54hzq1"
eng	negative	"RT @MsLabuski: #Toughchoices for today's conservative woman: am I a fat pig, an incubator, or just irrelevant? #GOPDebate #GOPmisogyny #bri…"
eng	negative	"RT @LoganJames: Kill people and break things #GOPDebate https://t.co/uxNjz8Z4Ms"
eng	negative	"RT @slackadjuster: I Would Like To Thank All #GOPDebate Candydates Tonight For Proving Why NO ONE Should Ever Vote @gop Again #tcot http://…"
eng	negative	"The big winner of the #GOPDebate wasn't Scott Walker, it was Johnny Walker. http://t.co/QZOApiEkCy"
eng	negative	"RT @JDWinteregg: No GOP POTUS will succeed if the bills that reach his or her desk are watered-down nonsense. #FireBoehner #MakeDCListen #O…"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump did no good 4 himself w GOP primary voters! Just look @FrankLuntz results! @marcorubio Won the #GOPDebate!@FoxNews #out#"
eng	negative	"It was a trainwreck in the truest sense of word. From the painfully awkward opening to the nonsensical answers to questions #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Military bluster at #GOPDebate was sickening. We wasted 1.1 trillion on Iraq War and spend 175m per F-35. We need to cut not militarize more"
eng	negative	"Cruz is really lying about this healthcare discussion. Wow. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GOPrincess: BEN CARSON:  Hillary counts on the fact that people are uninformed.    #GOPdebate. #whatDifferenceDoesItMake"
eng	negative	"RT @Braun23Austin: Enough #GOPDebate! 3,000 light-years away, a dying star known as the Cat Eye Nebula throws off shells of glowing gas! ht…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate is actually terrifying. These are real people that could have real power and are bonafide racists and sexists."
eng	negative	"@riley1999 @megynkelly is a closet democrat; actually, after the #GOPDebate she's come out of the closet #KellyFile #KellyFailed"
eng	negative	"I suppose you could sell baby parts like #PlannedParenthood and yell about #equality #GOPDebate #tcot #statist ..SMH https://t.co/f7it1d65na"
eng	negative	"#Trump getting shit for raising his hand last night! Make "America" great again is the slogan! Not "Republicans!" #GOPDebate     #13"
eng	negative	"Our democracy remains in dire straits cause it aint working as long as they get money for nothing and we get dicks for free #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LadyAodh: The anti-white establishment is doing its best to eliminate Whites. #WhiteGenocide #GOPDebate #cuckservative http://t.co/yocu…"
eng	negative	"RT @savvyliterate: Don’t anyone dare vote for Scott Walker. He would rather let a mother die than concede that he’s wrong about how pregnan…"
eng	negative	"RT @kuya_joshua: There's gonna be hell toupee if Donald Trump is the nominee. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tkords: Just finished the #GOPDebate. Two hours of excellent tough questions without a single one being properly answered or addressed."
eng	negative	"RT @TPEquality: Gay rights opponent Rick Santorum says during #GOPDebate he supports equality under the law -  http://t.co/XsJbavYifu http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #MegynKelly dogs #BenCarson on some meaningless gaffes.  We're off to a great start. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@cassandra17lina Could actually be a democrat trying to help the democrats? #Trump #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"#Out - @krauthammer is correct. Trump was biggest loser in #GOPDebate. @AndreaTantaros &amp; Eric are wrong. Smart women will dump Trump."
eng	negative	"RT @TheDailyEdge: Scott Walker: "We should treat everyone the same in America. Except women, of course." #GOPDebate http://t.co/jUvKRjrQOT"
eng	negative	"RT @americnhumanist: Lot of anger in this debate. Where's the compassion? Where's the empathy? #humanism #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump can you imagine this buffoon addressing world leaders?"
eng	negative	"Quite something to watch the #GOPDebate vs the Canadian PM debate. How can anyone take American politicians seriously?"
eng	negative	"This makes me laugh, it's entertaining. But it doesn't make me want to give my vote to @realDonaldTrump. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/STg5uiBZl5"
eng	negative	"Next #GOPDebate #Trump needs to let me do something with that hair!!!!! #fashion"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate "We got nothing. And Iran gets everything they want." @GovMikeHuckabee #MarshaMarshaMarsha"
eng	negative	"This prick can call the death of #KateSteinle a "little thing," but Trump can't call someone a dog. #GOPDebate #PC https://t.co/YsI1O5TJ4q"
eng	negative	"RT @JensenClan88: This is like if everyone you hate on Facebook had dinner together. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Kept thinking when #GOP Governors in the #GOPDebate talk about their 'accomplishments', yeah but u FAILED and are unpopular 4 it @bellobass"
eng	negative	"RT @MaraDolan: Midi Scrum on the #GOPDebate with @Kadzis and @reillyadam, h/t @amandaemcgowan. (I think everyone is sleepy today.) http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Worse than an unprepared candidate is blind support for one. I was pulling for #DonaldTrump. But he needs to raise his game…"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump childish attacks specifically on @megynkelly you'll never become POTUS. You can mess you a wet dream. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HensleywkAo: “@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆  #GOPDebate”.  You were pretty bad too. Your findings w…"
eng	negative	"They were so busy convincing us of the American Nightmare, they have forgotten to engage us with an American Dream. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @nottooshabbbbyy: Question: does the police target young black men?  GOP candidates: lol I just want equality..&lt;3  #AllLivesMatter  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"The gave Trump twice as much speaking time as Walker #GOPdebate  #TCOT #LNYHBT"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Hey Jeb Bush, explain to Kate Steinle how illegal immigration is an act of love.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MrSoLo_DoLo919: Re-fucking-tweet!!  RT @Squintz1983: #GOPDebate pretty much http://t.co/Mw4muTXjgU"
eng	negative	"Sorry Rand supporters. 9/11 was a big deal. #SitDownRand #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That @FoxNews is so left wing, I'm going to switch to the fair &amp; balanced MSNBC. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @queertardo: @Salon 2nd Favorite #GOPDebate Meme on internet! http://t.co/RnYUvlHv4D"
eng	negative	"Why was @seanhannity not asking the questions instead of Kelly? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SabrinaSiddiqui: Carson: "I'm the only one to separate Siamese twins." Kinda hard to outdo that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That's how a @realpresidentialcandidate acts?  That's how a real ADULT acts?  Did @realDonaldTrump get his wittle feewings hurt? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When Trump says it its not being PC, if you say it about Trump his lawyer calls you. #hypocrisy #GOPDebate #UniteBlue"
eng	negative	"RT @Ally_Eddy: Do u think trans people should serve in the military? "THE MILITARY IS not A SOCaiL EXPERIMENT WE ARE heRE TO KILL PPL" ...k…"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio's ears are so big his campaign slogan should be "Marco Rubio definitely hears your concerns" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SooperMexican: quit trying to make Kasich a thing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This is mostly a left wing Democratic issue anyway... #GOPDebate  https://t.co/S1R0Xw1JTy"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: It's simple: Trump doesn't not want to not say he won't pledge not running against the winner if he does or doesn't not w…"
eng	negative	"RT @HensleywkAo: #GOPDebate Rough night for @FoxNews , @megynkelly &amp; Chris Wallace were unprofessional &amp; had axe to grind. Followed up by p…"
eng	negative	"@theblaze: "(@AP) Fact Check: Which (#GOP) Candidates Veered From the Truth in First Debate?" #GOPDebate http://t.co/tzW4Y7Ev6U"
eng	negative	"#Toughchoices for today's conservative woman: am I a fat pig, an incubator, or just irrelevant? #GOPDebate #GOPmisogyny #brightfutures"
eng	negative	"RT @ChristianCalls1: TRIVIA:  Who is the only candidate to have proposed cutting spending by a TRILLION dollars during his first year as Pr…"
eng	negative	"RT @hemantmehta: Can we just build a fence around Trump? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I guess I'm just grateful to Rand Paul for allowing me to use the word "shrill" to describe a man. #thanksrand #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"Trump doesn't answer questions he just shits out a semi coherent sentence with a bunch of charged words thrown in there #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JoshuaHenne: Example #467 of @ChrisChristie campaign not ready for primetime: checkout #ChristieDebates to see how few tweeters they li…"
eng	negative	"So many mentions of fetuses, almost no mentions for the people who carry them. #GOPDebate #AntiChoice"
eng	negative	"Contrary to Trump's views, the FOX News debate moderators were on brilliant form last night. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeJMele: My review of the #GOPDebate   “(Republican) Party Over Here” http://t.co/OpcKHOl3f5  #DonaldTrump #HillaryClinton #Abortion"
eng	negative	"RT @OriolesFanProbz: I'm disappointed that none of the candidates were asked for their thoughts on defensive shifts in baseball. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JesseWasFugly: .@ScottWalker looks like he wants to suck @BenCarson2016's dick. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @StephHerold: "You have moms, you have daughters, and you don't care about women? Shame on you." - local laundromat political analysis o…"
eng	negative	"Most of the debate was @FoxNews attacking @realDonaldTrump and missing the mark, although it was entertaining #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"They gave Trump almost twice as much speaking time as Cruz at #GOPdebate  #TCOT #LNYHBT"
eng	negative	"@Livestream #GOPDebate thank you for letting me watch the lame Republican Debate last night  Live Stream"
eng	negative	"RT @ShunStrickland: #GOPDebate completely out of touch with most of the America people. Nothing for women, the poor or people of color. Sha…"
eng	negative	"Trump knows people are angry and he is playing you like a fool. He has no business in this presidential process #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FoxNews hosts were fist bumping each other after the #GOPDebate was over. Megyn "Crowley" was particularly proud of herself. #TCOT"
eng	negative	"How I feel about politics #GOPDebate http://t.co/uprwVEI4kR"
eng	negative	"Any Conservative Who Thinks Chris Christie Won Last Night, You Need To Leave Our Party Immediately. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trying to figure out last nights #GOPDebate is like trying to follow this season's True Detective, confusing and just plain awful."
eng	negative	"RT @EqualityPrius: After tonight's #Circus #GOPClownCar #GOPDebate - More convinced than ever @HillaryClinton needs to be next #POTUS http:…"
eng	negative	"@AndreaTantaros @ericbolling I'm with you regarding @realDonaldTrump. Sadly @FoxNews as an establishment is biased.  Blatantly. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@4apostles Term limits, pay limits, &amp; perks limits for Congress.  Now.  Put an end to career politicians.  #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @ShunStrickland: When people tell you who they are, believe them. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Funny but very sad last night. Where was climate change, equal pay, voting rights, police violence? #GOPDebate http://t.co/HB39E72Urg"
eng	negative	"RT @ImJustCeej: When the #GOPDebate candidates finally meet God, and see a She's a black woman http://t.co/ObWklPfUbQ"
eng	negative	"@FrankLuntz @maxwelltani Think anyone failed to note #GOPDebate &amp; your afterparty was to intended to derail Trump? Fair n balanced my ass."
eng	negative	"RT @ShunStrickland: Not only did @realDonaldTrump justify his comments about women &amp; threaten @megynkelly not one other candidate stood up …"
eng	negative	"@KellyO biggest loser in last night's #GOPDebate - the environment. Meanwhile in Canada's leader's debate last night ... #elxn2015"
eng	negative	"9 gifted politicians. One broken party. And Trump. @jbview http://t.co/2pdDvLim2u via @BV #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush underperforms at the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Separation of church and state, we never knew ye. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PoliticalShort: The same candidates I support after watching #GOPDebate are the very same  ones @FoxNews showed their hatred for-Trump,…"
eng	negative	".#GOPDebate was typical. No plan on how to make YOUR life better, but plenty on how to increase pain and misery. #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @MattyIceAZ: Donald Trump's points on immigration lack evidence? Like that ever stopped Republicans from believing such claims before.#G…"
eng	negative	"Hey @GOP, #Trump Trump he's your man, if he can't lose it, nobody can! Well actually all u showed in #GOPDebate is LOSERS #GOP is not legit"
eng	negative	"Huckabee wants pimps and prostitutes to be paying their fair share of tax via the Fair Tax. Oh… #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump announcing he'd run as an Independent,  being exposed as Democrat, then going off on Megyn Kelly hurts that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@CarlyFiorina Runs Circles Around Chris Matthews Over Hillary’s Record https://t.co/KGwEXWjbsy @bassalid @FreeBeacon #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DLoesch: Trump says his ability to buy politicians is “an example of a broken system.” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"No chill on the internet. Not one day! #GOPDebate http://t.co/KfC4G4E3QG"
eng	negative	"YES @rushlimbaugh. We're waiting on your take on the excellent performances by the #GOPDebate candidates and the HORRENDOUS job by @FoxNews."
eng	negative	"the fact that it WASNT EVEN A DEBATE AT ALL. It was literally pundits saying "remember the time you said X? Bish how bout now!?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AZPatriot01: The #Democrat Party: Sixth Graders with a Twitter Account. #GOPDebate #Republicans #TCOT http://t.co/kRxlRbzGe1 http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"@realdonaldtrump should be Donald #stump. He was horrible at the #gopdebate. He talked a lot but said NOTHING."
eng	negative	"RT @rodimusprime: Now a question for Ben Carson... racism is that a thing?  Ben: No.  Fox News: You may go now.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz's embarrassingly simplistic "kill em all" view of insurgency makes him completely unqualified to be commander-in-chief. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Respecting women is  being "politically correct", but  then you complain about being bullied during the questioning? OK #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The more I read about the #GOPDebate, I am convinced that the party is becomig Onion-proof. Satire can't compete with the real deal"
eng	negative	"RT @docrocktex26: Compassionate conservatism died (if it ever existed), and they didn't even hold a funeral. Or is that what last night's #…"
eng	negative	"Carly puts the boys to shame http://t.co/OkKM20uA94 #GOPDebate #SGP"
eng	negative	"RT @Team_Rand: .@ScottWalker’s Real Record On Taxes &amp; Jobs In Wisconsin &gt;&gt;&gt;https://t.co/OUYTrd7Vik #StandWithRand #GOPDebate http://t.co/p9…"
eng	negative	"RT @ZeitgeistGhost: Yep, the horrible stuff said in the #GOPDebate shows how low the #GOP has sunk.  Disgusted and revolted by them @Didika…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate disappointed me. I was sure Stone Cold Steve Austin would make a surprise appearance or that the cage would come down."
eng	negative	"RT @eiffeltyler: It has been 12 hours and I still cannot believe we gave national broadcast time to this question #GOPDebate http://t.co/EA…"
eng	negative	"GOP insiders: Donald Trump is biggest loser http://t.co/I9ZcQsOkU4 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Did @realDonaldTrump really say the moderators of the #GOPDebate weren't professional? #AreYouKiddingMeWithThis"
eng	negative	"It's just sunk in that Megyn Kelly called last night's debate "historic," and now I'm just depressed.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @chaunceydevega: Kasich is not enough of a sociopath kill the useless eaters type to be the GOP nominee. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @danamlancaster: Big fail last night for the digital arm of @FoxNews. http://t.co/k2c6axrECL #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"He's a great business man, but would Donald Trump make a good President? #donaldtrump #trump #gopdebate... http://t.co/tByO1WWvIs"
eng	negative	"RT @KidFury: Everyone up there looks like an evil dentist. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"10 million people watched FOX #GOPdebate last nite &amp; there's 40 million people tuned in right now to find out what I thought about it..-Rush"
eng	negative	"Do we want a Whiner for POTUS? http://t.co/sFWVH4ky44 #GOPDebate #TrumpisaWhiner #Election2016"
eng	negative	"RT @JoshuaPStarr: Pre-NCLB there was little to no accountability for terrible results and enormous gaps. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BryanFuller: EAST COAST CANADIANS LOOKING FOR AN ALTERNATIVE TO THE U.S. #GOPDebate CAN WATCH #HANNIBAL INSTEAD"
eng	negative	"karl_sans_marx: RT carmengoblue: It is like Miss America meets Jerry Springer. #gopdebate http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"while pro-life nonsense @ the #GOPDebate was not amusing, the notion that #jizzisaperson, could only come from alpha asshat @GovMikeHuckabee"
eng	negative	"ExposingTPGOP: The loudest messages from the #GOPdebate: #WarOnWomen is real &amp; #GOPWantsWar with #Iran to impose A… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @sarahkendzior: "If I were trying to destroy this country here's what I do" should really precede *everyone's* answer regardless the que…"
eng	negative	"RT @markfbonner: You take @realDonaldTrump off the stage and last night’s #GOPDebate is watched by next to no one."
eng	negative	"EiseOnThePrize: RT sobertacious: DEFUNDING PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS NOT SOMETHING TO BE PROUD OF #GOPDebate http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"lungtawellness: KatyTurNBC biggest loser in last night's #GOPDebate - the environment. Meanwhile in Canada's leade… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @Sttbs73: The @GOP and @FoxNews are getting exactly what they deserve! #morningjoe #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RichieRichBor: RT DiabetesHeroes: The #GOPdebate was like a Disney movie. They all looked FROZEN, Megyn Kelly &amp; Tr… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"At least he is not double speaking like those politicians... #GOPDebate  https://t.co/BRCvPWUfMh"
eng	negative	"My takeaway from last night's #GOPDebate is basically this and only this. #RandPaul @ Cleveland Sucks https://t.co/i3eeMyV9XD"
eng	negative	"I've seen more substance in a Michael Bay film than the whole entire #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate congrats Kelly the liberals loved you maybe they will tune into your show https://t.co/T358iN0vYH"
eng	negative	"RT @jimandrewsmusic: Donald Trump will prove what some have known for years. The presidency can be purchased and democracy is an illusion. …"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews Meghan Kelly was awful last night. She is getting a big ego and it is annoying. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisSonge: Who was the winner - American Capitalism -Fox News with ratings &amp; Brewers for all the beer drunk during this entertaining s…"
eng	negative	"RT @RubinReport: Trump in nutshell: "We can't do anything right...vote for me." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Still chuckling from the entertaining circus that was the #GOPDebate last night. BBC breaks it down well. http://t.co/VyYKKqe8Sp"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatsWhatJVSaid: Hearing the republicans talk about illegal immigration at the #GOPDebate like http://t.co/GbAxDfY0fg"
eng	negative	"TweetTw88036790: RT RedStateJake: NEWSFLASH: You need to be knocked down a peg or 3, megynkelly.  #GOPDebate #Kell… http://t.co/xV7tj6ywOL"
eng	negative	"RT @OppressedFart: @ProfessorF Does presidential here mean politically correct? The world doesn't need that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush performed like a wet sack of mashed potatoes. REALLY EXCITING STUFF DUDE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The beginning of the end for #RandPaul... Not that he was going anywhere to begin with. #GOPDebate http://t.co/3eJ2oHlPsL"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was ok Some questions were irrelevant! Ppl are more concerned about their feelings getting hurt than making America great again!"
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: John Sinunu, who wrote a book about Jeb's dad, doesn't like Trump. What a fucking shock. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"In last night's #GOPDebate @GovChristie &amp; @RandPaul back n forth made me want to donate money to keep Christie within the borders of NJ."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@msnbc Pandering &amp; propaganda was alive &amp; well during the #GOPDebate everyone running to the right of the other-catering 2the #KochBrothers"
eng	negative	"Because EVERYTHING he says is a lie. #tcot #GOPDebate #p2 https://t.co/snDQwf6cLC"
eng	negative	"RT @hikergirl425: @AandGShow #GOPDebate  Couldn't decide if Scott Walker looked like someone playing him on SNL or Nicholas Cage http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @MeganSmiles: #GOPDebate Can't count how many times Obama &amp; Hillary 'evolved'. Trump evolving is not a big deal."
eng	negative	"RT @bobcesca_go: It's really amazing how these guys are blaming Obama for making peace after their party fucked and scrambled that whole re…"
eng	negative	"RT @LilAssKickerAMC: Who cares how u wear your hair, I like the excitement u bring back into American blood. @realDonaldTrump  #GOPDebate h…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Iran deal benefits who? #IranDeal http://t.co/TL4vuROHdt"
eng	negative	"I'm trying to watch the #GOPDebate this morning. And by trying, I mean I'm gouging my eyeballs out with a steak knife."
eng	negative	"Advertising everywhere sells sex ALL DAY LONG, but Trump can't say that a women would "look good on her knees." #GOPDebate #PC #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate is really just real life #hungergames interviews😂 #MegynKelly is Caesar Flickerman"
eng	negative	"RT @RealLucasNeff: I'm not surprised racism still exists. I'm just surprised it's allowed to run for president.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GetUpStandUp2: 5 Frighteningly Sexist Donald Trump Quotes http://t.co/cwyUuL8JKn via @bustle #TheDonald #TrumpMisogonist #GOPdebate #Wo…"
eng	negative	"#HillaryClinton spent #GOPDebate night with the #Kardashians: http://t.co/KH8JMutbdb http://t.co/9ib5YgPWk4"
eng	negative	"RT @FrankLuntz My focus group actually likes Donald @realDonaldTrump...  #GOPDebate http://t.co/tiwlOaaOj8 &lt;-- Riding on Trump's coattails!!"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: The head of the Republican Party recently said his party can no longer win a national election.   Tonight’s #GOPDebate confi…"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush Outdone by Kasich (and everyone else) In First Republican Debate. #GOPdebate http://t.co/TX6T6TTMZb"
eng	negative	"Isn't the point of a debate to get the participants to, you know, debate? #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul is out b/c America does not need an isolationist as President &amp; he seemed a little bit negative toward Israel #GOPDebate #RSG15"
eng	negative	"Foreign policy, health care, new constituencies, blah, blah, blah - WHAT ABOUT BLUE BELL ICE CREAM?! #GOPdebate  #priorities @ILoveBlueBell"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: Whats really disturbing is @megynkelly thinks that people like @DWStweets would treat her fairly if they had that audience! …"
eng	negative	"RT @Path2Enlighten: Shorter #GOPDebate - Dismantle/defund fed govt! let Wall Street run amok! destroy unions! more war! govt forced childbi…"
eng	negative	"RT @marissamorg: Reading #GOPDebate tweets, Id have more faith in Twitter friends running the country than any of those selects #twitternat…"
eng	negative	"RT @theonlybacchus: Let's see the #KKKorGOP question stands true for:  #DonaldTrump #JebBush #LindseyGraham #RandPaul #MikeHuckabee  A whit…"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Over 90% of Americans want lawmakers to close background check loopholes for gun sales. Do #GOPDebate candidates agree? …"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: @AdamsFlaFan @Rockmedia @ConchGunny FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"Lmfao #GOPDebate http://t.co/GUip1NI8m7"
eng	negative	"Shut the fuck up Rubio you ain't gonna win #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @marksluckie: Raise your hand if you've ever felt personally victimized by Donald Trump #GOPDebate http://t.co/s90v8Yq9jH"
eng	negative	"RT @PoliticalAnt: #MarcoRubio lied when he said he had never advocated for exceptions to abortion bans. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Caught myself up on @NBC #Hannibal last night…and lost my appetite watching the #GOPDebate debacle! Good figure!"
eng	negative	"RT @JRehling: Someone has a sense of humor, scheduling the #GOPDebate for Hiroshima Day."
eng	negative	"Watch the debates nope better things to do watching paint dry #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GodsDontExist: RT @mydaughtersarmy The GOP debate took an awful toll on Ted Cruz.  #GOPDebate http://t.co/NcU94RGBlO @tedcruz @realDona…"
eng	negative	"Yet no mention of #climatechange at the #GOPDebate: "Nearly 6 Million Acres Burned in CA" http://t.co/Caw6jaZWPL http://t.co/eaTplfx56B"
eng	negative	"Not one mention of Voting Rights, Voter Suppression, or the Environment at the so-called #GOPDebate oh wait, we're talking about republicans"
eng	negative	""Has God ever told me anything? That'd be talking to myself!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @craicalaicpat: The God these men worship is money. #OneoftheSevenDeadlySinsButThatsNoneofMyBusiness  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews total failure #GOPDebate canceled fox news on my cable. Done https://t.co/3z5PR1Ue7n"
eng	negative	"Leave it to #canada to have a real #debate. #GOPDebate was a q&amp;a #circus without a single item debated. Koobaywhaa? http://t.co/EAmdvsGUGg"
eng	negative	"RT @patriotmom61: @FoxNews wouldn't give him any national security questions, so watch Rick Santorum at New Hampshire NSAS https://t.co/One…"
eng	negative	"RT @ProfessorCrunk: Wonder how Trayvon Martin feels about that "culture of life" Jeb. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @buckeyeteacher3: OMG! Hey @JohnKasich, what did your dad do for a living? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @craicalaicpat: Pretty funny night but these men are so childish to be Pres. Like this isn't smack high where it's just throwing shade. …"
eng	negative	"The reality TV show is over &amp; I'm trying to get back to the day but Im so obsessed with the hilarious memes that were generated #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly  you lost alot of admirers last night.We Republicans are just going to beat ourselves, AGAIN!  #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @AshvsEvilDead: Some kind of debate is going on. Meanwhile we're debating over the best drum solo of all time: Hot for Teacher or Tom Sa…"
eng	negative	"RT @saladinahmed: I was wondering how they were going to fit everyone in, but the set up looks great. #GOPDebate http://t.co/t1AFrr7tj1"
eng	negative	"First question of #GOPDebate of 3rd party run was to give @realDonaldTrump a disadvantage from the start. #UnfairWorld"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump wins the polls in the #GOPDebate debate. What does that tell u? #Americans r sick of the same ole politician song &amp; dance."
eng	negative	"RT @curlyheadRED: White people arguing over their retirement plans &amp; Black people cant even live long enough to retire in this damn country…"
eng	negative	"@RNC has a responsibility to denounce the misogyny we saw last night at #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"New Guardian column up on #GOPDebate: "the only shoutout given to #BlackLivesMatter lasted less than a minute." http://t.co/emDcbvJWQD"
eng	negative	".@megynkelly someone needs 2 inform @realDonaldTrump that he's picking the wrong #female moderator 2 get mouthy with! Well done! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Why did NONE of the 9 men respond to Name Calling question: That's abhorrent, but name calling pales next to ISIS sexual jihad. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kharyp: FACT CHECK: GOP candidates veer from the truth in 1st debate http://t.co/IGipTiFeUA #GOPDebate http://t.co/Hp5v9Gy9Kf"
eng	negative	"Progressives are unable to be reconciled with and have no interest in it. They fight to win. We need a conqueror not a placater. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly was a real slacker in the #GOPDebate last night. Not even one question on the Fox "War On Christmas". #DoYouBelieveInWhiteSanta?"
eng	negative	"RT if you got drunk watching the #GOPDebate last night."
eng	negative	"RT @maddeclair: In a shocking twist during the debate, Trump brags about how much money he has #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HaroldItz: BREAKING EXCLUSIVE PIC Trump meets the press after #GOPDebate http://t.co/3UFQSs2hNX"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnCassidy: Nobody won, and Trump's having fun. My colleague @TNYCloseRead's take on the #GOPDebate http://t.co/EIPqiw2053"
eng	negative	"RT @KateBlackDC: Becoming a parent is one of the biggest economic decisions a woman can make. These #TenMen want to make that decision for …"
eng	negative	"RT @RippDemUp: @SMShow  @frangeladuo  #GOPDebate Gave "No Fucks" About #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/IuwKYlUdMg"
eng	negative	"The thing about the #GOPDebate, most watched it in the same way they'd watch some trashy reality show -that's a big problem for #Republicans"
eng	negative	"@JebBush is not a good communicator. In last night's #GOPDebate he sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher to me."
eng	negative	"Why does that blonde keep laughing? #GOPDEBATE @megynkelly You look foolish and unprofessional.  YOUR FIRED"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Americans are FED UP with the LIES! No more lies that only benefit politicians! #NoMoreLies http://t.co/m3ssK2LYXM"
eng	negative	"Whats really disturbing is @megynkelly thinks that people like @DWStweets would treat her fairly if they had that audience!  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JECarter4: New Jersey's credit rating has been downgraded 9 times since Chris Christie became Governor. http://t.co/m1I4eDF9pq #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @bobcesca_go: As if the rest of the debate wasn't embarrassing enough, the God question is when the rest of the world laughs at us. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  practiced answers R not impressive when u look at what they practice. Ignore what they say it's what they've DONE that matters."
eng	negative	"bright spot in all this is that while Hilary might not be enough to galvanize the democratic base, defeating Trump certainly is. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyOsborne180: #BATsAsk Where are your solutions? More tax cuts 4 rich? yawn.  #GOPDebate  @BadassTeachersA  #TBATs http://t.co/Cvl6e…"
eng	negative	"RT @ProfessorCrunk: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." Huckabee just said that. And he's being violently tra…"
eng	negative	"RT @jncatron: The only candidate who stood out in any way was @realDonaldTrump. Even the unhniged lunatics were bland and colorless about i…"
eng	negative	"mizmanning1: https://t.co/M2zI6acgnO RT NewYorkPhotoGal: #GOPDebate #Obama was right when he said the #GOP is ignorant of the Iranians cul…"
eng	negative	"@Marisol_Bello Wht are we missing? If journos aren't concerned abt poverty, how'r voters/candidates expected 2 be? #TalkPoverty #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @maddeclair: "Well, Carson, we didn't actually have an air force in the 40s... That came after WWII..."-@MichaelLucchese #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"nobamanoway: https://t.co/M2zI6acgnO RT AnneBayefsky: .GovMikeHuckabee: #Obama trusts our enemies and vilifies our friends. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My take on Christie's performance at last night's #GOPDebate: he came off as irrelevant &amp; peripheral #Rutgers @NJDACC #Princeton #NJDevils"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate NOT ONE MENTION OF DISABILITY last night. We need to educate all contenders of both parties to value us."
eng	negative	"RT @Mayflowers516: winner of the #GOPDebate : no one loser: all mankind"
eng	negative	"RT @GeneMcVay: #GOPDebate Billy Graham said if God doesn't punish America He should apologize to Sodom &amp; Gomorrah.   Pray is banned, baby p…"
eng	negative	"RT @itsashlyperez: time-lapse of my face during the entire #GOPDebate http://t.co/tARWSOBiK0"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was a bunch of fake tanned idiots say opinions no one cared for. It was basically the @BacheloretteABC.  @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"So disappointed @realDonaldTrump never got to answer the God question! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SpursJR55: Every country has something they are embarrassed &amp; ashamed of. For Americans, it's the Republican Party #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Why is everyone so against Common Core? But, we were ok with No Child Left Behind from Bush 43? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#JoeBiden Godfather Of American #Tyranny https://t.co/VzVDfOe6qR #uniteblue @ResistTyranny @CzarofFreedom @Bidenshairplugs #GOPDebate #USA"
eng	negative	"RT @caren4btunity: The winner of the #GOPDebate is anyone who didn't watch. http://t.co/AvirSm1hVm @WU4PE @MindyRosier @mterry337 @BPSNight…"
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy: 10 straight, wealthy, men suddenly the authority on LGBT, affordable h/care + women's reproductive rights  #GOPDebate …"
eng	negative	"RT @xqueenzee: Basically #GOPDebate http://t.co/el5jJ9hOeE"
eng	negative	"RT @StephHerold: Mike Huckabee, transgender people aren't a "social experiment." With all due respect, fuck you sir. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"TKO. You keep using this word. I do not think it means what you think it means. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @STERLINGMHOLMES: @mterry337 I'm a #SNAP recipient and I'm barely getting by with what I get a month. The gop SNAP cuts would cut many l…"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: Please note, this is not a lie. World only has 53.3 years of oil reserves left. Hello, anyone listening? #GOPDebate #unite…"
eng	negative	"A 5-year-old kid can access a porno of a woman being in a gangbang, but Trump can't say a woman would "look good on her knees." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@RandPaul, trying to please everybody, succeeds in pleasing nobody:  http://t.co/JHegp7d9WA  #GOPDebate http://t.co/UVrDvb5yod"
eng	negative	"Trump personifies money doesnt make you happy.Wealthy &amp; incredibly mean:that meanness doesn't come from a happy person.#GOPDebate #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @CJsucitymvp: "but i don't wanna eat my vegetables" RT @Lizzs_Lockeroom #GOPDebate http://t.co/N34sUH0qho"
eng	negative	"@AlPal_23 wins snapchat #GOPDebate http://t.co/1XWxEygYIC"
eng	negative	"RT @BrunettePatriot: Do we really want someone like this in office? #GOPDebate #BC2DC16 #Trump http://t.co/Jb53bAGNhn"
eng	negative	"Can't Believe the comments trashing @RandPaul 's hair style when @realDonaldTrump is on stage of all people #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That wasn't a #GOPDebate that was the 1st episode of #FoxNews new reality show "Who's Afraid Of A Billionaire," The World laughs at us."
eng	negative	"#TRUMP is beyond Teflon. He could cut @megynkelly into pieces &amp; feed her to Mike Wallace's disappointment &amp; his #'s would go up. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I hope BuzzFeed has a comprehensive roundup of the #GOPDebate so I can read it and act like I #gaf."
eng	negative	"Political correctness... Ain't nobody got time for that! #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"You know what?  Fine, fuck it.  Time to vote for @BernieSanders. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JessicaValenti: Trump: I told God to come to my wedding and HE CAME. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: #GOPDebate was anything but a debate! Way to many on stage to make a true debate possible! Was 100% for ratings not🇺🇸s probl…"
eng	negative	"#JebBush had the personality of an off stage keyboard player during the #GOPDebate on #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel I PRAY EVERYDAY TO MEET THAT SCUMBAG @POTUS IN A CT OF LAW!http://t.co/Kr55Ae6jUR http://t.co/uNWacnyEvt"
eng	negative	"Lots of creepy plain clothes cops and body men protecting #ScottWalker #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kwfelsher: @theblaze @megynkelly dispelled the fact that she's an objective moderator. I love her show, but her moderating, not so much…"
eng	negative	"Interesting exchange until they start rudely insulting each over nonsense other like kids on a schoolyard. #GOPdebate http://t.co/oWb3nESSiL"
eng	negative	"Reading #GOPDebate tweets, Id have more faith in Twitter friends running the country than any of those selects #twitternation"
eng	negative	"RT @cristela9: Trump looks like an Oompa Loompa that made something out of himself... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KaivanShroff: Big night in America for alcohol poisoning #GOPDebate #drinkinggame"
eng	negative	"RT @BiasedGirl: Expose him now. Then he is The Clinton's problem. Not ours. #DumpTrump #GOPDebate #JigIsUp  https://t.co/MM2dVMCQQb"
eng	negative	"RT @sbpdl: @megynkelly is horrible. Seriously. I hate @FoxNews more than any liberal alive today. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CalebHowe: Did Lindsey Graham Just Call Donald Trump One Of The Top Ten Biggest Bastards On The Planet?  http://t.co/IhQSgK3bGX #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @DadusAmericanis: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz   @MegynKelly, @BretBaier and Chris Wallace.  just need one more Horseman...   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @peelster123: #GOPDebate Merica Check the BACK of this OUT!!!  Please #RT http://t.co/6kKaltCuTa"
eng	negative	"RT @Politics_PR: The economy #GOPDebate http://t.co/HyaJKzWSGo"
eng	negative	"Would we be talking abt "political correctness" if @realDonaldTrump was referring to POC instead of women? #GOPDebate #equality"
eng	negative	"RT @AngryBlackLady: lmao RT @JaimesonPaul: Quick update on Rand Paul #GOPDebate http://t.co/SY4AgVqiU0"
eng	negative	"What was up with that God question at the end?! God! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"What I learned from watching the #GOPDebate: People care more about a candidates religiosity than their ability to govern."
eng	negative	"RT @melissapaige313: JEB YOUR BROTHER MADE ME DO NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND FOR 12 YEARS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @fw4bernie: During the #GOPDebate last night. #DebateWithBernie #Bernie2016 http://t.co/bvf2NtRAuV"
eng	negative	"RT @ChapmanGOP: But @realDonaldTrump supporters are saying he was treated "unfairly?" Yea... Right. #GOPDebate http://t.co/nJrwoYrrzM"
eng	negative	"RT @JayGeraghty: Who's staying up for the trump show? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dick_nixon: Any candidate who promises to cancel the deal is a liar. Doing so would destroy American diplomacy across the board. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @NASCARNAC: Note that Huckabee was given a chance to hijack Santorum's 2012 talking points last night. John McCain despises Rick Santoru…"
eng	negative	"RT @PruneJuiceMedia: Donald Trump admits on national TV that he bought candidates in the past. Oh joy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DavePBrown: Just saw some of #GOPDebate. So weird seeing people cheer a dude saying "I won't let raped women have abortions." Frickin' …"
eng	negative	"I have changed my mind and am going to watch #Fantastic4 this weekend, because nothing could be as bad as that #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"@tamronhall @newsnation not a single question on environmental protection. The biggest failure of last night's #GOPDebate ignored by media"
eng	negative	"RT @kellykade: You mean to tell me I can stream an infinite amount of free porn, but need a cable subscription for the GOP Debate!? #SMDH  …"
eng	negative	"RT @alexandraheuser: BREAKING: Rick SANTORUM WINS #GOP2016 Straw Poll by WIDE margin 34% to TRUMP 17% Sure seems #FoxNews based debate on b…"
eng	negative	"OF COURSE the #GOPDebate was sponsored by the most efficient method to share right wing lunatic fringe statements from extended family."
eng	negative	"My biggest take away from #GOPDebate is that Chris Christie and Scott Walker are even more insufferable than I gave them credit for."
eng	negative	"How long will it take the stupid party to do what Trump does, call out stupid journalists &amp; statist butt kissers w/plain speech? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GovtsTheProblem: How dare the candidates not elaborate on complex policy specifics in a debate which limited responses with an NCAA sho…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is a very scary man #GOPDebate #GOP"
eng	negative	"I am stunned at how unprofessional the @FoxNews moderators were. #GOPDebate What bullshit questions for #Trump. #Thirsty @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"RT @afroCHuBBZ: This is what happens when you call out #WhiteSupremacy on @instagram #blacklivesmatter #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/bvk…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly i thought you were the worst of the 3 moderates last night. not trolling just saying. @foxnews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @aaronjacksond: I am legitimately scared that any of those GOP candidates think they can be president. I fear for my country. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Ian56789: Christian churches in Israel should be burned, Jewish Settler leader says http://t.co/0pvZeotKV7 #GOPDebate #Israel http://t.…"
eng	negative	"Anger Bear stayed up too late and was throwing things around in his bedroom. No video games for him today. #GOPdebate http://t.co/qRAZyJWzEZ"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: Now @foxnews has @DWStweets on bashing our Candidates! This Devil says it's Okay to Kill a 7 lb. Baby Just Seconds before birth…"
eng	negative	"How would you fix the police problem? Donald Trump: What police problem? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FoxNews gives #Trump, er Fox, most speaking time during first debate http://t.co/UzBf58Fg2f via @American_Mirror &amp; @kyleolson4 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Do we really want someone like this in office? #GOPDebate #BC2DC16 #Trump http://t.co/Jb53bAGNhn"
eng	negative	"RT @siobhan_ogrady: The most important thing you'll see tonight. #GOPDebate http://t.co/40GJtBJOB5"
eng	negative	"RT @KikkiPlanet: Just spent 15 minutes reading the #gopdebate feed. Laughed so hard I popped a blood vessel. 'Murica, you funny as hell."
eng	negative	"RT @csydelko: The #GOPDebate is basically just a televised circle jerk"
eng	negative	"Avg 72% #GOP ="Going Opposite of Progress. THERE IT IS , FINALLY THE RIGH NAME #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar #FOXDEBATE  https://t.co/vWbiFkzefo"
eng	negative	"Woke up thinking I had a hilarious dream but then I realized it was just the #GOPDebate I watched last night.😂"
eng	negative	"RT @cristela9: By the way, I will be making fun of the democrat debates too...debates are easy to mock when ANYONE says anything dumb. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"The only good news out of #GOPDebacle/#GOPDebate is, hopefully it's the beginning of the end of @tedcruz and "Dr" @RandPaul."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump "took advantage of chapter laws" the same way welfare fraud is committed. It's all just gaming the system. #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"Very disappointed at some of the hostile questions by Fox News, (or was it  MSNBC?) at #GOPDebate, especially those directed at Trump!"
eng	negative	"Politics with Bea. #GOPDebate http://t.co/0Lkex8jjv1"
eng	negative	"RT @erinscafe: As far as I can tell, there is no GOP. Just a bunch of unhappy people who can't even agree what to be the most unhappy about…"
eng	negative	"Watching the republican party implode from within is magical. #GOPDebate #donalddump"
eng	negative	"RT @TheSoup: Is it over? How'd Trump's hair do? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Planned Parenthood isn't just about abortions so keep your political bullshit away from my health and vagina #sorrynotsorry #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Rojowo: You're not going to know who won #GOPDebate until you see who @TheDemocrats attack as 'unqualified' and 'frightening' #Rubio #F…"
eng	negative	"5 Frighteningly Sexist Donald Trump Quotes http://t.co/cwyUuL8JKn via @bustle #TheDonald #TrumpMisogonist #GOPdebate #Women #Misogyny"
eng	negative	"It's 2015 &amp; we're asking candidates what specifically a supernatural being told them to do. I don't want a Pres who hears voices. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Refinery29: .@megynkelly is like, "10 candidates stand before me..." #GOPDebate http://t.co/TsGXHIlPy2"
eng	negative	"RT @sarahcpr: In an epic twist of irony, Trump seems to have turned Fox viewers against themselves #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT → theblaze: Pundits incensed over megynkelly's abortion question for ScottWalker during #GOPDebate: http://t.co/FNM90HGS3F"
eng	negative	"NEW STATEMENT on #GOPDEBATE: It's not a debate, it's an embarrassment:  @CorrectRecord http://t.co/JwZqoAf75E … #TruthMatters @upwithsteve"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeSington: #GOPDebate summed up in one pic. http://t.co/D3mEZO1bTJ"
eng	negative	"RT @BoldProgressive: .@realDonaldTrump says he gives his money so people will do what he wants. This is why we need to overturn #CitizensUn…"
eng	negative	"RT @GeneMcVay: #GOPDebate Fox has been unprofessional so far!"
eng	negative	"RT @BillyDees: @BillyDees: I posted this in 2012 about why the #GOP lost &amp; it's still true #humoroutcasts #DNC #GOPDebate @dtcav http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @RandPaul: Why Is Rand Paul “The DNC’s Top Target”? #GOPDebate #StandWithRand   Read more here: https://t.co/M31l4vEQDf"
eng	negative	"RT @jeffchu: "The military is not a social experiment," says Huckabee. The point is "to kill people and break things." Lord, have mercy. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @alexandraheuser: America HORRIFIED @ #PPSellsBabyParts SANTORUM taps in to our RAGE! Tried 2 marginalize #Rick2016 w/"social ques" Saw …"
eng	negative	"RT @DavidRomeiPHD: #GOPDebate was like #JackNicholson driving his fellow patients around in "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest." http://t.co/Z…"
eng	negative	"Its hard not to wonder if @realDonaldTrump is #GOP spoiler  #GOPDebate #copolitics  https://t.co/LGTCNx0dra"
eng	negative	"RT @GustavoArellano: Between Rubio shouting out Chapo and Cruz calling Washington a "cartel," maybe they're wanting to be the new Zetas? #G…"
eng	negative	"Hating things with impunity is the new combover. #selfquoting #DumpTrump #leaverosieouttathis #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BenSwann_: @ScottWalker "Russia and China probably know more about @HillaryClinton email than the U.S. Congress" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BenMank77: Well done, Fox...great questions on climate change, the Koch brothers, campaign finance reform &amp; oh, yeah...none of those th…"
eng	negative	"@foxnews at best put theater over substance in #GOPDebate At worst they acted like kingmakers. Too little substance to much  "defend this""
eng	negative	"RT @ksmash: Do I choose @Jeopardy or #GOPdebate? Why even ask....Jeopardy all the way."
eng	negative	"@ltmd11 @Grungelady need to fix #GOPDebate system..all 10 candidates combined spoke for bit over 59 minutes!! So other half time was what?!?"
eng	negative	"#MarcoRubio lied when he said he had never advocated for exceptions to abortion bans. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PetraAu: I frankly don't have time for total political correctness" Watch some of @realDonaldTrumps zingers  #GOPdebate https://t.co/Ey…"
eng	negative	"I'm Not 1 Of Those Conservatives Who Supports RINOS Like Bush, Huckabee, Rubio &amp; Santorum 😑 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @scrowder: Again, Trump with no substantiated answer. Just "people do things because I give them money and stuff"  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who watched the #GOPDebate last night? I heard it was the funniest thing since #LaurelAndHardy and the #ThreeStooges -"
eng	negative	"RT @LillyRockwell: My dog barks every time there is a doorbell sound on TV. So last night there was a LOT of barking. #GOPDebate #useabuzze…"
eng	negative	"AMERICA BETTAH HAVE MY MONEY!!! #BBHMM #GOPDebate https://t.co/dxrmDWQvBe"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump You need to shut up, sit down, and close your Twitter account. The more you speak, the worse it gets. #bimbo #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"LOL @realDonaldTrump  for calling @megynkelly "unprofessional" ...which is he today...the pot or the kettle? #Bernie2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheFreshBrew: Well, that was embarrassing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Does it seem that even the candidates that are praised for "sticking to the question" still kind of run around it? #GOPDebate #politics"
eng	negative	"RT @huckpoe: Donald Trump responded to Megyn Kelly's accusations of misogyny by calling her a bimbo. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"True https://t.co/lciPAyBJZ9 #GOPDebate http://t.co/lbvG7Br91K"
eng	negative	"According to @ChrisChristie, the Bill of Rights is just "hot air." https://t.co/8wpP6E80Jn #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Braun23Austin: Trying to figure out Donald Trump's logic like:   #GOPDebate http://t.co/NWAOtwVeJg"
eng	negative	"RT @JackeeHarry: .@RandPaul is talking about Hyundais, @GovMikeHuckabee about Buicks. I'll vote for whoever mentions a Four Door Aventador.…"
eng	negative	"If @realDonaldTrump can't take a few hard questions, he should get out. Soft questions only go to liberals. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@ScottWalker was right in #GOPDebate last night.  With feckless incompetent @USOPM, China knows @hillaryclinton's emails better than we do"
eng	negative	"So glad they covered #BlackLivesMatter &amp; #ClimateChange last night at  #GOPDebate. Oh wait, they didn't? What a surprise."
eng	negative	"RT @mattkirshen: They're like a Ronald Reagan cargo cult. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""When did you actually become a Republican?" #MegynKelly #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Forget the #GOPDebate, we need a show called 'Toupee Wars' between @realDonaldTrump and @FrankLuntz. http://t.co/Z8g1MTeElg"
eng	negative	"RT @theReal_Rebel: That was a great Comedy Show last night!  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheDemocrats: #GOPDebate is looking a lot like this: http://t.co/LNlGuay4OP"
eng	negative	"If #bigotry #racism #Pinknazism did not exist the #democrats and #ww2 would not  be in existence #GOPDebate #tcot https://t.co/7QrzAZpoNz"
eng	negative	""Where's your evidence Mr. Trump?" - @FoxNewsSunday   "Hey, look at this shiny thing" - @realDonaldTrump   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Wouldn't have expected @realDonaldTrump to be such a baby about the #GOPDebate last night. Jesus cry more about it you fucking pussy."
eng	negative	"Great #GOPDebate debate, but not one word about the environment. Very disappointing."
eng	negative	"Questions on climate change and voting rights didn't make a showing at the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BerinSzoka: Rand: I don't want my gun or marriage registered in Washington  Agree but... You know marriages are registered in states, r…"
eng	negative	"RT @jnjsmom: Lets play the "What's worse" game. What's worse? 1. @realDonaldTrump calls Rosie fat 2. Clinton sleeps w/intern  R/T if u pick…"
eng	negative	"RT @fourzerotwo: EVERYONE! Everyone shut up! Trump is about to say something... Fffflllluuuughhharrrghhh #GOPDebate http://t.co/0mAmOcu5yE"
eng	negative	"RT @ariscott: I haven't seen this many opinionated white men in the same room since, well, I guess since this morning. It's very common. #G…"
eng	negative	"He’s been losing in this debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""we need to build a wall" - trump taking key policy from george bluth sr....the mind boggles #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @alliebidwell: Bernie, calling out #gopdebate on lack of higher ed talk, among other issues https://t.co/27h90u6BAu"
eng	negative	"RT @jr_whitehurst: Donald Trump wants to build The Great Wall of China (in America). Fully equipped with a door.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BrittanyFurlan: Pretty much the only thing I could focus on during the GOP primary debate... #GOPDebate http://t.co/ilWGGEYNQD"
eng	negative	"7 takeaways on the #GOPDebate more like #GOPRealityShow http://t.co/R03O07FKqn"
eng	negative	"RT @EllaThomas22: @RCdeWinter could there have been any more hate directed towards women on that stage if they tried?? wow #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  #DonaldTrump PC Police attacks &gt; Actual Police attacks"
eng	negative	"RT @Clarknt67: RT @fakedansavage: "Being called a useful idiot by Ben Carson is like being called a pervert by #JoshDuggar." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LibertyMomNY: Ben Carson believes in vaccine mandates. Next. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DTCahill: FOX FIX IN: @FoxNews why no online #GOPDebate winner viewer poll? You had them in 2012? Afraid viewers will pick @realDonaldT…"
eng	negative	"RT @justJr: Rand Paul before tonight's infamous hair makeover. #GOPDebate http://t.co/Tl8B5QA0ho"
eng	negative	"shocked--shocked--so much #GOPDebate analysis is all style and performance, nothing about policy--war, no rape exception, cut, cut cut"
eng	negative	"RT @NewYorkPhotoGal: #GOPDebate #Obama was right when he said the #GOP is ignorant of the Iranians culture..."
eng	negative	"RT @DadTimpf: the Huckster is crushing it tonight #GOPDebate; suit coat looks way too big or something..was he always that wide?"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @megynkelly you are a joke! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I refuse to live in a country that elects #DonaldTrump as President. Are we living in Idiocrasy? #GOPDebate #SexistMoron #PleaseGodNo"
eng	negative	"RT @RT0787: alyssaphucker: RT HuffingtonPost: The real winner of the #GOPDebate? MegynKelly https://t.co/KmRn9BV2fM http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @SmillingHK: @FoxNews Megyn Kelly's #GOPDebate performance was every bit as biased and obnoxious as that of Candy Crowley's 2012 @CNN pe…"
eng	negative	"I agree, it was annoying. @FoxNews moderators were TERRIBLE. Quite unfair #GopDebate but focus on MY candidate, good https://t.co/XwAtuS8A2r"
eng	negative	"RT @owlzly: How many executive orders were passed,n how many bombs dropped on Syria while the populace was glued 2them talkin' picture boxe…"
eng	negative	"RT @DRUDGE: Strange, creepy letter 'F' on screen as they spoke. Subliminal grading system courtesy of Zuckerberg.  #GOPDebate http://t.co/g…"
eng	negative	"RT @CaseyHarper33: Rubio: God has blessed Republicans with plenty of great candidates but didn't give the Democrats a single one #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sistertoldjah: I'm sure my endorsement of @jimgeraghty's #GOPdebate piece will lead to more accusations of me being a RINO. Whatevs. ht…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate What happened to dignity, polish and manners in the debate forum??"
eng	negative	"@ron_fournier @realDonaldTrump and he's puling ahead in the polls - go figure #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Does anyone really want the same guy who runs Miss Universe to also run this country? Yikes. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Marnus3: The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @IndieMediaWeek @Truman_Town @snarkylibdem  @RelUnrelated  @morgfair @I…"
eng	negative	"There is no way that any @CNN moderator would have ever asked a Dem candidate questions as tough as @FoxNews did last night #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Moderators of #GOPDebate asked no questions related to oil, energy, environment, climate, etc."
eng	negative	"RT @JamalDajani: The #GOPDebate in cartoons https://t.co/PKulN2wzbH"
eng	negative	"@AdamsFlaFan @Rockmedia @ConchGunny FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"RT @customjewel: @redalertnow: RT @realDonaldTrump - Is @megynkelly the new @CandyCrowley? #GOPDebate http://t.co/hnSM8i8CXe  https://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"The NSA spat between @RandPaul and @ChrisChristie is indicative of a broader, substantive party divide: http://t.co/SsTWy5FlJI #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FightFor15PA The #GOP presidential candidates mentioned #MinimumWage a total of 0 times during the #GOPDebate http://t.co/sw8inDq9SJ"
eng	negative	"Politics in USA is a joke. Need rim shots for comments, hook &amp; gong. Absofuckinglutely reduculous. Turned into reality tv show #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate didn't change much, but it was the beginning of the end for @realDonaldTrump. http://t.co/lFAOi7QNiG @washingtonpost #insider"
eng	negative	"John Kasich says if you don't support big Federal Govt welfare programs then God will disapprove of you at pearly gates. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheWorldsFrates: The GOP B-League Debaters, Rated As B-League Fast Food Restaurants #GOPDebate http://t.co/0NFnX9Gnuw via @dailycaller"
eng	negative	"RT @2noame: Oh God. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lumpyponytail: All these clowns saying "i cant be a bigot i have 1 gay friend!!!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Redpisces3: I know he's sorta busy, but post-debate discussion just isn't the same without @LarryOConnor #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Facts not mentioned in #GOPDebate: 13M jobs created in longest stretch of private sector jobs growth in history! http://t.co/a6fa0ZwfYh"
eng	negative	"RT @davidbadash: Chuck Schumer cowardly released a statement during #GOPDebate, announcing he is willing to risk war with Iran by opposing …"
eng	negative	""I don't have time to be politically correct, but I do have time to be aggressively awful" -Donald Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@PaulRieckhoff Yes entitlement in #GOPdebate #cic #potus candidates. No excuses for the lack of debate on #nationalsecurity #defense &amp; #VA"
eng	negative	"RT @lmahoneybee: #GOPDebate I'll vote for whoever pushes #TermLimits for #Congress. #CareerPoliticians aka #WashingtonCartel is the downfal…"
eng	negative	"RT @sweetgreatmom: No substance. All talk about issues that only matter to the rich.  #GOPDebate was a failure of political process.  https…"
eng	negative	"Oh fuck. Ted Cruz's first answer brought out the shit-smelling face. Completely disingenuous. #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @2AFight: Jeb "there is no establishment" Bush for retirement!  #GOPDebate #tcot #PJNET #ycot #RedNationRising #ccot #teaparty http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @GaltsGirl: Trump spoke for over 11 minutes last night. Rand Paul spoke for just over 5.  That wasn't a #GOPDebate. It was a Reality TV …"
eng	negative	"RT @jiadarola: The #GOPDebate featured 10 candidates and 7 brain cells."
eng	negative	"Hey, @instagram what's with the censorship? RT:  @brownblaze: PLEASE RT. #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate http://t.co/ycCObtElYi"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #RSG15 If Jeb Bush Wants to Be the Nominee, he better kick it up a notch b/c so far he is a very weak candidate #p2 #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @TrumpIssues: Kim Kardashian can make a sex tape, have a TV show &amp; do a promo pose with Hillary, but Trump can't call a women a dog. #GO…"
eng	negative	"Next #GOPDebate, we'll need a Trumpire. Just to thrown down a flag. Where's the ballcap that says that, ps?"
eng	negative	"RT @dick_nixon: He mentioned Schiavo there. They crucified him for that and rightly so. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @zzcrane: I don't care how well you compare to Ronald Reagan! Just promise us you will uphold the Constitution, please.   #GOPDebate #tc…"
eng	negative	"Other than those 2 very brief mentions, &amp; Bush support of Keystone XL, oil, energy, climate, environment, etc. played no role in #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The Donald called Famed Pollster #FrankLuntz a "Low class Slob"..LOL..The Republicans are giving us Entertainment Baby!!#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ColeLedford11: I'm not sure who was misquoted more at the #GOPDebate tonight. Hillary Clinton or God."
eng	negative	"RT @mikepolkjr: "I'm trying to answer your accusation of sexism Megyn, so stop interrupting me, there's a man talking."- @realDonaldTrump #…"
eng	negative	"So Camille Paglia is trying to spike the #GOPDebate by saying Kasich won, or is it simply her liberal bias talking? LOL"
eng	negative	"RT @AndreaLeon: #OhTheIrony: When Fox News is not radical enough for #DonaldTrump… #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews is breaking their arm patting themselves on the back today. They should be embarrassed #megynfail #GOPDebate #pjnet #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @JackeeHarry: I'm turning off the #GOPDebate, so I'll just leave this here.. http://t.co/MOA3vxg5w6"
eng	negative	"MT What I learned last night talking heads have lots in common with politicians, talk, ego, out of touch #GOPDebate  https://t.co/FE54H9CkAy"
eng	negative	"Keep in mind one thing: politicians are experts at telling voters what they want to hear #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BonkPolitics: Trump's message resonates with anti-establishment folks but he is and always has been an obnoxious, boorish, sexist fool.…"
eng	negative	"OMG   Just watched @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate .  I need 15 Xanax &amp; a case of Purell.  What a delusional slimeball. 😑"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump "The bad lady @megynkelly who was my bestest friend was mean to me and its NOT FAIR" - Very Presidential #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @Marmel: Fox News: "Trump Lost" Viewers: "We no longer blindly believe everything you say" Fox News: OH GOD THATS OUR WHOLE BUSINESS MOD…"
eng	negative	"Most shocking #GOPDebate @SouthJewishWman was @GOP would let women die from pregnancy complications bc Mother's don't have Rights"
eng	negative	"Most people use twitter to keep up with celebrity gossip. I use it to see @realDonaldTrump roast on @megynkelly #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DwayneDavidPaul: When you think of how laughable their prospects are, then you remember George W. Bush won twice. #GOPDebate http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @SaraLang: My skin literally crawls every single time someone says "an illegal." Who taught you to be so damn hateful? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Good night, America. I hope you sleep well.    I myself will be having nightmares about our future if any of #GOPDebate cand…"
eng	negative	"RT @ReelQuinn: Pretty sure Ted Cruz was one of the Darrens from Bewitched. #GOPDebate  #Derwood"
eng	negative	"RT @VeniceMase: Hillary's #rebuttal to the #GOPDebate https://t.co/TpRgQOjiyq"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump responded to Megyn Kelly's accusations of misogyny by calling her a bimbo. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@zachhaller on the #GOPDebate snapchat Jeb says that all those people are way better than Hillary and Bernie. I couldnt help but laugh."
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy: Dear Donald Trump, Twitter is forever.   #GOPDebate  http://t.co/srWd9TnOdo"
eng	negative	"Why republicans have to be pro life, it makes it hard for people in the 21st century to take them seriously #gop #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@AvaBeata you're gonna get a kick out of last night! Lemme know what you think... #GOPDebate  https://t.co/oNgnBnNyPg"
eng	negative	"RT @RebeccaSchinsky: To recap: babies, money, and guns matter. Women and black people don't merit discussion. Trans people are a "social ex…"
eng	negative	"That was a great Comedy Show last night!  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @shannonrwatts: Why do you believe Americans are 20X more likely to be shot, killed than in other developed nations? #DebateQuestionsWeW…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump admits on national TV that he bought candidates in the past. Oh joy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ltmd11 yes! Watching both #GOPDebate with you was def fun.. #GOP has a deep field, but have to start cutting down on number of candidates.."
eng	negative	"RT @StevenSinger3: #BATSask does Pro-Life include the lives of school kids or just fetuses? Support public schools? https://t.co/qjG1hSVqd1…"
eng	negative	"@learjetter @peddoc63 @FoxNews @DWStweets @LadySandersfarm What was the point of having this ding-bat on for "commentary" on #GOPDebate?"
eng	negative	"Disappointed in @FoxNews coverage of #GOPDebate they acted like giddy amateurs at a sporting event using liberal media questioning tactics👎🏼"
eng	negative	"RT @AtypicalArts: RT @micnews: Jeb Bush defunded Planned Parenthood and now Florida ranks last for women’s health http://t.co/Rq6zkuqK7B  #…"
eng	negative	"On the heels of the #GOPDebate a piece on #PoliticalCorrectness http://t.co/GZYpUkQXbm @realDonaldTrump maybe u'll learn  @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"Please tell @realDonaldTrump there is a difference between being a "honest" and being a verbally abusive asshole. #Bernie2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: For The Record, Yes, Jeb Bush's Brother Did Help Create ISIS http://t.co/EZRpmnOg35 #GOPDebate http://t.co/GiQ81yJyuk"
eng	negative	"People promote &amp; encourage an 8-year-old boy to be in a gay pride parade, but Trump can't say the word "disgusting animal." #GOPDebate #PC"
eng	negative	"RT @JamiraBurley: #DonaldTrump lets be honest is a bully and a womanizer #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"More concerning, THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO WANT THIS MAN TO BE PRESIDENT. #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/QS56lyMV78"
eng	negative	"RT @roryontour: Watched #GOPDebate each and every candidate was as insincere as a door to door hoover salesman! Delusion followed by lies @…"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: Donald trump believes this country's biggest issue is political correctness &amp; not incorrect politics #GOPDebate http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"VOTE #JEB2016 if you're a complete ASS. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/KIzA8KMZDl"
eng	negative	"@theblaze @megynkelly dispelled the fact that she's an objective moderator. I love her show, but her moderating, not so much. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: The GOP candidates in favor of God. How very, very bold! Fox News asking the tough questions! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @doodlehedz: Barf emoji. Where the fuck is the BARF EMOJI!!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@billmaher Can't wait to get your take on #GOPDebate, Planned Parenthood, Iran Deal, Trump on tonight's #RealTime"
eng	negative	"Very important topics like #votingrights, #climatechange, &amp; #gunviolence werent mentioned in #GOPDebate. https://t.co/bxTZRvFkDb"
eng	negative	"blahahaha, the fix is on on the democrats side even bigger . Hillary is the democrat's "Bob Dole" #GOPDebate  #Democrat"
eng	negative	"RT @chrisLrob: The highpoint of Ben Carson's political arc was--and will remain--dissing the black president at the National Prayer Breakfa…"
eng	negative	"@BenCarson2016 no such thing as a politically correct war. Amen. #FOXNEWSDEBATE #GOPDebate #smartman"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel CAN WE BE 100% SURE @POTUS ISN'T BEHIDE THIS #WTF HIM BANGING MY EX WAS A SECRET https://t.co/sWEC9ggCF6"
eng	negative	"Reality is, Pat! @PatrickBuchanan would have been booed off the stage last night. #GOPDebate #cuckservatives"
eng	negative	"RT @kajawhitehouse: @MarkMelin I couldn't watch the #GOPDebate for example, which I argue should have been on broadcast anyway as a public …"
eng	negative	"RT @Wendie07: #GOPDebate I'm sorry Ted Cruz looks like the son of Mr Haney from Green Acres!"
eng	negative	"RT @2noame: And now we get to hear from a bunch of high income men on how much they've done to restrict health access to low income women. …"
eng	negative	"Husband turns on #GOPDebate. Asshats begin asshattery. I yell at TV. He yells at TV. We stop at minute 4."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump maybe see if you can get @SarahPalinUSA to be your VP so you can lock down the women vote #GOPdebate #idiot"
eng	negative	"I cut the cord, so no FOX for debate and no Comedy Channel for Jon Stewart. #GOPDebate #JonStewart Still living."
eng	negative	"RT @alexandraheuser: Fox PRIME time Debate was a HUGE, HYPED, SHINY #FoxFAIL #IssuesLost2Drama #GOPDebate https://t.co/WmDLUgl9nD"
eng	negative	"RT @DavidTATL: This! biggest loser last night was @megynkelly who came across as a condescending cat! #boycott her show! #GOPDebate https:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @HopeisBowater: #GOPDebate has destroyed #Clinton2016 "electibility" pitch. Bernie Sanders would beat any one of the shower #BernieSande…"
eng	negative	"RT @jiadarola: The most detailed policy proposal we got at the #GOPDebate was Ben Carson's idea for how to destroy America."
eng	negative	"If you're seriously thinking about voting for Donald Trump you are as ignorant as he is arrogant  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I beg you Donald trump supporters to reconsider. He is easily influenced politically &amp; monetarily.   #GOPDebate #tlot #tcot #WakeUpAmerica"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #DumpTrump @megynkelly u have a new fan. U showed America who Chump really is. A bully w no class. A billionaire w no substance👎🏻"
eng	negative	"Safe to say that Darwin used #PoliticalCorrectness to protect #slavery and hide his #racism #GOPDebate #tcot  https://t.co/okLUA3ZppC"
eng	negative	"Keep focusing on shit like the #GOPDebate you dumbfucks, the 4th wave of Fascism isn't for you basic bitches anyway."
eng	negative	"Trump to Paul: “You’re having a hard time tonight!” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NancyOsborne180: #BATsAsk Same old playbook.  #GOPDebate  @BadassTeachersA  #TBATs http://t.co/RDi2tgnBJz"
eng	negative	"Sure, #Trump may be entertaining, but let's remember this is a presidential campaign, not WWE SummerSlam. #GOPDebate https://t.co/cbmPOatgx0"
eng	negative	"#Trumps having a bad hair day... Again. #GOPDebate @RandPaul @RealBenCarson  https://t.co/LtJmBXc1C8"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump: misogynist, ignorant, xenophobic and greedy: another proof that money does not buy class. #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"I definitely have way too much to do today to be googling lies told during the #GOPDebate.  There just too few hours in a day."
eng	negative	"RT @BillyMagnussen: Is it me or does the #GOPDebate feel like an episode of "who wants to be a millionaire""
eng	negative	"I don't really think anyone "won" the #gopdebate last night. Some people lost and a few will rise in polls. But nobody stood out overmuch."
eng	negative	"Unfortunately I wasnt able to take #GOP candidates' #Abortion opinions seriously because their penises got in the way #GOPDebate #prochoice"
eng	negative	"@foxnewspolitics #GOPDebate #MeganKelly  the 1 clear looser last night was Fox New ' s Fair &amp; Balanced reputation."
eng	negative	"RT @KyleKulinski: Hillary was just called 'the epitome of the secular progressive movement'. BAHAHAHAHAHAHA LOLOLOLOLOLOL LMAOOO #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @emmyrossum: #GOPDebate I need an antacid"
eng	negative	"RT @skepticalbrotha: #FoxNews created the wilfully ignorant monster they conspired 2 destroy in the #GOPdebate. They failed. I couldn't be …"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Megan Kelly is angrier tonight than Rosie O'Donnell on a diet.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@RandPaul @ChrisChristie why did he get a free pass on raid the NJ Pension system much like Bush raided Social Security?? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HeathNOLA: Why is nobody talking about how @JohnKasich proves #Obamacare medicaid expansion works on #GOPDebate ? @LaDemos @TeamKCP @DW…"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews Megyn Kelly's #GOPDebate performance was every bit as biased and obnoxious as that of Candy Crowley's 2012 @CNN performance."
eng	negative	"per #GOPdebate, Trump believes it's merely "politically correct" not MORALLY RIGHT to treat women as equals."
eng	negative	"RT @Timcast: Trump said this country needs brain, so basically he is saying we shouldn't vote for him? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @2noame: Well, it's over. And in the minds of any aliens watching from orbit, so is the human species. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AriBerman: On 50th anniversary of Voting Rights Act, not one question about VRA or voting rights during 1st #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Why did Scott Walker wink at me? Why did I like it? #GOPDebate http://t.co/qNbPUzgEQa"
eng	negative	"RT @ItsShoBoy: #GOPDebate w/o moderation: @realDonaldTrump shapes @GOP policy and debate http://t.co/7MbjN53Vut #TNTweeters #AINF #tlot #tc…"
eng	negative	"If the 2016 presidential election comes down to who I'd like to have a beer with, @JebBush is toast. Zero Gravitas. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The most disgraceful moment of #GOPDebate last night was when Huckabee bashed on the most venerable of our war veterans .... the B-52"
eng	negative	"RT @TexasForBernie: Stand w @BernieSanders against extremist GOP that feeds on violating fundamental rights #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @MFL1956: Poor Marco Rubio laughing at his own jokes.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Media sticks up 4 @megynkelly during #GOPDebate n rips #Trump. What media'is missing #Trump did not crash n burn. Megan set Trump up."
eng	negative	"RT @funnyordie: You're right, Trump. If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't be talking about the dumb shit you said. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @zachhaller: The (painful) #GOPDebate (that should embarrass all Americans) shows u GOP is so dumb they don't even know their biggest th…"
eng	negative	"RT @amylazscdc: .@realDonaldTrump just gave a master class on how to get away with sexism http://t.co/36sdQbY52A via @voxdotcom #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @StLNetworkGuru: .@JebBush it's not US responsibility to provide options for #IllegalAliens when THEIR countries wont handle their welfa…"
eng	negative	"RT @emilyelarsen: I have a theory that the Trump campaign is secretly funded by Saturday Night Live writers to provide material for the sho…"
eng	negative	"S/O to #DonaldTrump for refusing to be politically correct .....or correct in general. #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @Writeintrump: Chris Christie only gave Obama that big hug because the President had Bacon Bits in his pocket.   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I heard @realDonaldTrump is creating his own time zone and Kim Jong U won't rule out running an independent campaign in 2016. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@drudge_report Trump took Megyn Kelly to church last night. Dominant showing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @2noame: So @SenSanders live-tweeted the #GOPDebate using #DebateWithBernie and @HillaryClinton hung out with @KimKardashian &amp; @kanyewes…"
eng	negative	"Just made my $10 donation to @NRDC for ZERO mentions of #ClimateChange at last night's #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @Hectzilla: Everyone in Atlantic City went backrupt??? Even @BoardwalkW ?? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"You can't believe a thing that comes out of Rubios mouth. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Why Did Chris Christie Say He Was A U.S. Attorney On 9/11 When He Wasn’t? http://t.co/JgDzIE6Cwz via @thinkprogress #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Wait, has Rick Perry thought of that 3rd gov't dept yet??? Maybe he can ask Ronald Raven.... #GOPClownCar #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mofopolitics: Megyn Kelly has never been that tough on her illegal alien guest, Jose Antonio Vargas. #gopdebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"Despite what @GovMikeHuckabee and @RickSantorum think, this is not a person #PlannedParenthood #abortion #GOPDebate http://t.co/Cw6wh5TFi5"
eng	negative	"I assume you guys didn't boo a gay soldier this time only because the opportunity didn't arise. #RSG15 #GOPDebate http://t.co/ZVr7QxxDgH"
eng	negative	"Just finished the #GOPDebate. Two hours of excellent tough questions without a single one being properly answered or addressed."
eng	negative	"And the focus group post #GOPDebate was a liberal eyesore. @FrankLuntz your focus groups are a disgrace and do no  justice. #wasteoftime"
eng	negative	"Hilarious coverage of last night's #GOPDebate, from my colleague Al Perrotta:  Ten Guys Walk Onto a Stage… https://t.co/qBiMm8AoW9"
eng	negative	"If you saw any tears during Jon Stewart's last night on The Daily Show, just pretend I laughed so hard I cried watching the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @AJC4others: Oh no he didn't.. Ye shall know them by their fruit?!  #GOPDebate  they use law not ethics or GOD to get donations and peda…"
eng	negative	"With all due respect to the pundits, you don't get to tell me who won the debate.  That's for me to decide. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I was confused about John Kasich showing up in last night's #GOPDebate but it turns out he camped out at the box office for rush tickets."
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: War! War! War! In unison the GOP candidates chant on Iran (with a slight variance from Rand Paul). Take them at their word. …"
eng	negative	"RT @The_PAULitician: The award for most disingenuous statement in last night's #GOPDebate goes to @JebBush for his #CommonCore doubletalk: …"
eng	negative	"RT @naturallyelsa: You know what's missing from this #GOPDebate? Garbage collectors. Cause all I see on stage is trash. http://t.co/67atObS…"
eng	negative	"RT @princessomuch: #Trump gets called out by woman for demeaning other women; Trump calls her a bimbo. This should win him the movie-shoote…"
eng	negative	"RT @mch7576: RT “@Bipartisanism: What #CarlyFiorina forgot to mention in the #GOPDebate: http://t.co/Io1yD58MD3”"
eng	negative	"RT @greatbong: #GOPDebate God speaks to all the GOP candidates. If that does not make you an atheist , I dont know what will."
eng	negative	"RT @DennisPrager: Donald Trump's unwillingness to pledge not to run as an independent should immediately disqualify him in every Republican…"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolCNN: #DonaldTrump won't rule out third-party bid @David_Gergen @alexcast look into the #GOPdebate http://t.co/45F7u5UlKH http://t.…"
eng	negative	"Please note, this is not a lie. World only has 53.3 years of oil reserves left. Hello, anyone listening? #GOPDebate #uniteblue #cnn #manbc"
eng	negative	"@roryontour @bannerite @SayNoToGOP @POTUS #cspanchat how QUICK #CANDIDATES #gopdeBATE TURN and how much FASTER #RWNJ #ZOMBIES turn on them"
eng	negative	"RT @roseperson: Can you imagine 10 women, each hoping to run the country, all vowing to intervene in men's decisions about their own bodies…"
eng	negative	"RT @TuneInfinity: After last nights #GOPDebate, if that's The future of the #USA then we have a lot to worry about"
eng	negative	"Just as we get the world we deserve, the #GOP gets the candidates it deserves. If you don't like Trump, look in the mirror. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Lol- I just realized there are people that are taking this Trump run for presidency FOR REAL.  My bad.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jessicakathryn: Donald trump and @Eat24 feed the world with tacos #GOPDebate http://t.co/qHUiegkDMn"
eng	negative	"My favorite moment from last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/Vnc4IslI7q"
eng	negative	"Biggest takeaway from #GOPDebate, Rs love the US and can see it's greatness. Ds are nothing but full of greivenses."
eng	negative	"RT @LowInfoTweeter: Can Jeb Bush be swapped out for Carly Fiorina in the next debate or does the line of succession have to be Clinton or B…"
eng	negative	"A perfect summation of the #GOPDebate https://t.co/R2unC6FSht"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Nothing says Republican populist fighting for everyday working-man like arriving in your gold-plated 757. #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate, In Five Clips http://t.co/SwmOKMQZTE From #DumbAndDumber..."
eng	negative	"Explaining the #GOPDebate to my dad who missed it and describing it as a SNL skit, basically."
eng	negative	"I just have to laugh at all these 'analysis' of the #GOPDebate It was just entertainment, that's all. Both the moderators &amp; the candidates."
eng	negative	"Odds on @realDonaldTrump uttering "#cuckservative" at the next #GOPDebate ?"
eng	negative	"Slept 10 hrs last night, right through the #GOPDebate  Judging from tweets, that was very beneficial to my health."
eng	negative	"RT @scorpio5053: @WalterWhfla @DesignerDeb3 @realDonaldTrump ABSOLUTELY!  I REFUSE TO ALLOW @FoxNews to speak for me. I'll draw my own conc…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump called our POTUS "stupid".  What does that make him?"
eng	negative	"2/2 Me: "its like a priest who can get married, have kids" "ohh a tea party person" Me: "yep. Pretty much." Geese - #GOPDebate #ClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: "If guns don't kill people why are they strickly forbidden anywhere near #GOPdebate?"  #DebateQuestionsWeWantToHear http…"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @KyBurg  @FutureBoston  @Sycamoron  @NewPoll_inTown"
eng	negative	"I listened to the #GOPDebate &amp; got a different feel than the TV pundits. @realDonaldTrump was the smartest racist/ misogynist on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @MeganSmiles: You also left out the collapse of @megynkelly  Her obvious bias was unprofessional &amp; childish #GOPDebate #KellyFile  https…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate How do you spell disappointment? M-e-g-y-n k-e-l-l-y"
eng	negative	"RT @Diane_7A: As president, would you make THIS FACE? #GOPDebate http://t.co/3oV2pV8UGL"
eng	negative	"RT @schafawafa: Trump is alienating himself from every single woman in the US #GOPDebate #trumpsucks"
eng	negative	"RT @irritatedwoman: Retweeted ✯✯Gene McVay✯✯ (@GeneMcVay):  #GOPDebate proved that @FoxNews is ALL IN for another liberal... http://t.co/Dz…"
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: Did Scott Walker just say he has a harlot? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShaynaUniverse: Was it me, or did the panel at last night's #GOPDebate seem a little... snide? @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson @kirstie…"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @greta @greggutfeld @TheFive  Last nt #GOPDebate was just like the first session of summer two-a-days for ballers. Get used to it."
eng	negative	"The Democrats love to keep people poor and confused in order to make them slaves to their party. Liberals are for chaos. #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @GetUpStandUp2: #BATSask which #GOPDebate will fund schools, not prisons? @berniesanders http://t.co/32eHUQDEKF"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate -ers vs Trump?  The gloves stayed on, except for #Fiorina.  She kicked him to the curb, like he was an HP employee."
eng	negative	"RT @jeffchu: "I created a culture of life in my state." —@JebBush, former Gov of Florida, which executed 21 people during his term in offic…"
eng	negative	"She @megynkelly is a horrible commentator  @FoxNews did a terrible job last night, very DISAPPOINTING! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/RhscuZ5b9E"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #TrumpsHair + #cats Enough said. http://t.co/zh6koToIiF"
eng	negative	"RT @mskristinawong: Poor #BenCarson. Ignored, tokenized, getting cut off. Being treated in this debate like...Well, like a black man in thi…"
eng	negative	"RT @BrianBalthazar: I've heard clearer messages during the charades portion of Hollywood Game Night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @darth: so apparently the candidates are arriving at the debate site  #GOPDebate http://t.co/GeXsjxrct3"
eng	negative	"@dickscuttlebutt @TYFYS84 @DuffelBlog your #GOPDebate tl;dr: blah blah politics blah blah whiskey blah silent weeping blah Christie is fat."
eng	negative	""Often times, the person that knows they can't win, is allowed to speak the most freely" - Jon Stewart 2004 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier court @realDonaldTrump to boost their ratings, but try to undermine him at the #GOPDebate #TheDonaldOnTop"
eng	negative	"If the #GOP gave a shit about poor people, they'd let then watch the PRESIDENTIAL FUCKING DEBATE w/o a paid cable subscription. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @messagingmatt @StCyrlyMe2 @beetrix @Jenn4Laughs @dmiller23 @msbellows @liberal98"
eng	negative	"Watched the #GOPDebate from last night and damn, trump went off.Polls are showing that most people think he won will be interesting goin fwd"
eng	negative	"RT @RobbyLSU: What I learned last night... #MegynKelly should not be moderating debates. Came off as snarky and biased. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @alexandraheuser: LOL Sad but TRUE #FoxNews on decline as Conservatives abandon big business media elite $$$ bandwagon. #GOPDebate  http…"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: As always when watching current GOP crop of candidates, I feel very encouraged as a Democrat but very depressed as an Americ…"
eng	negative	"RT @Mudflats: For those of you who missed the #GOPDebate #FoxDebate - here's the highlight reel. http://t.co/Lyd7SGLGRB"
eng	negative	"My take on the #GOPDebate: it wasn't a true debate. Except for a handful of onstage battles it was really just people answering questions"
eng	negative	"Yes or no if Jeb Bush wears Spanx #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@HillaryClinton took a selfie with Kim K. The #GOPDebate was a bonafide shit show and Jon Stewart is off the air. I weep for America."
eng	negative	"The Last 15 min of the #GOPDebate was #insane #god was invoked so many times it reminded me of #ISIS #liberal #Secularism #equalityforall"
eng	negative	"RT @MattGubser: Didn't watch the #GOPdebate because my TV doesn't get 1954."
eng	negative	"Dear Republican Party, you broker the Donald, you own him. Pony up, Bitch. #GOPDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"No substance. All talk about issues that only matter to the rich.  #GOPDebate was a failure of political process.  https://t.co/3NmnxWOYHH"
eng	negative	"RT @MattGoldich: Not one other candidate willing to take a hard line on Rosie O'Donnell. Shameful. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#JebBush at the first #GOPDebate. http://t.co/m0ygq0jJml"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolHello1: #GOPDebate: @FoxNews Failed https://t.co/GCLQY4kaq5"
eng	negative	"RT @alexandraheuser: YYYYY do NON Conservatives get all the coverage and PROMOTION on #FoxNews ??? http://t.co/FhoI6AOsWf #FoxNews #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"@aliseeeeb captured the #GOPDebate perfectly http://t.co/3UNfah5r4A"
eng	negative	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 7) Sen. Paul = Can be nasty, I personally dont like his tone, Does show leadership, Will hover …"
eng	negative	"The GOP candidates were grilled.  Hard.  Expecting softballs on the Dem side #GOPDebate #tcot #ccot #ycot http://t.co/lU2h8mspy9"
eng	negative	".@megynkelly doesn't like @realDonaldTrump or @AnnCoulter. I wonder why. #AntiWhites FORCE #immigration/#assimilation. #GOPdebate #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"LMFAO ROFL hahahaha. What I wouldn't give to see 1980s Shit Lord Ron Paul on that stage. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"After hearing the summary from the  #GOPDebate last night, if a Republican wins the election, we're screwed"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate TRUMP "gotcha questions" not enlightening, but anger provoking; very disappointing @BillHemmer &amp; @marthamaccallum much better"
eng	negative	"RT @KyleKulinski: Ted Cruz is carrying an AR15. Says it's his right to bring it on stage. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Breaking: Rosie O'Donnell responds to Trump by snapping angry selfie... #GOPDebate http://t.co/hF0vZjFOD3"
eng	negative	"Is FOXNews a long-game liberal conspiracy to drive the Republican Party so far right that it will never win a general election? #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PaulProvenza: "To honor the people that died".You mean the ones your brother sent there with a lie? Just wanna be sure those are the sa…"
eng	negative	"Well of course. Where else can you get this quality of stand up comedy? #GOPDebate  https://t.co/l9ZAV3Awqe"
eng	negative	"RT @Apipwhisperer: @HomerWhite HOW COME FOX WANTS TO BE THE THIRD PARTY??? #GOPDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @pastorjgkell: "If God had perceived that our greatest need was political stability, He would have sent us a politician." - D.A Carson  …"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly Chris Wallace and Brett Bair were no doubt posing questions to incite attacks and drama..and it backfired #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"Curious, did @JudahWorldChamp coach @realDonaldTrump for last nights debate? #theSwaggerLookedFamiliar #GOPDebate #Comedy"
eng	negative	"Christie w/ his 9/11 nonsense showed that patriotism surely is the last refuge of a scoundrel. (Samuel Johnson) #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@SmittyMyBro Their publicly stated beliefs alone are enough to prove just how moon howling batshit crazy these skin jobs are. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SaintPetersblog: “I made a lot of money in Atlantic City,” is exactly what you want to hear come out of the mouth of a presidential can…"
eng	negative	"@DWStweets the only word that you could come up with to sum the #GOPDebate was "Misogyny" ....seriously?? #BYE"
eng	negative	"@JohnKasich says ONCE we have economic growth THEN we extend it to lower class? REALLY?  #GOPDebate @SenSanders @TheDemocrats @SenateDems"
eng	negative	"You'd think God had a role in running this country. http://t.co/fcL1hDYxgN #GOPDebate #fail"
eng	negative	"RT @FabulousMissEm: Man, Republicans really hate women. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rossoAnto: Haven't seen 10 people who looked this orange since Holland lined up for the third place match in Brazil. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The First Republican Debate Was a Mess and the GOP Should be Embarrassed of Itself http://t.co/9ChaZbH9Mn #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Protect your business get it in writing with contracts, Don't be unprepared like some of the GOP candidates. Free 30 min consult #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShannonSanford9: Undoubtedly @FoxNews doesn't want @TedCruz to have any questions. #SMH #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Last night on FOX: Watch ten old white men ass they all go balls deep in a big bowl of crazy gravy together. #GOPDebate #Democracy"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @1Brian @kendracp @tracywilson @jimmy_dore @wherevermag @SarahBurris @AuthorKimberley"
eng	negative	"RT @YaakovSchapiro: My #GOPDebate analysis, 2)Jeb Bush = Saw some uncomfortable moments in him, could use more attractiveness, Needs more g…"
eng	negative	"RT @adambrownagency: Im calling the #GOPdebate and post debate "The Trump Attack" @realDonaldTrump did an awesome job taking everybody, inc…"
eng	negative	"Join ISIS and sign your death warrant, Signed @tedcruz next President of the US󾓦 #GOPDebate #WakeUpAmerica #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"If @megynkelly moderated Perot debate: "Mr Perot, u r ugly! Doesn't that disqualify u from being President?" #FoxNews sucked #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Trump = idiot, brought up important issues people like #Cruz had already brought up. He just said it like an ass, got publicity."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate Call Donald for being sexist? What do photos like this do for women? http://t.co/9QGldRUgnG"
eng	negative	"The clear winner of the #GOPDebate is anyone who didn't watch it."
eng	negative	"RT @BettyBowers: The essence of a GOP remarks about your family: "No! My father was an even bigger loser than his!"  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@ZeitgeistGhost FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"RT @FemsHaveBallz: The real loser in the debate to me was Jeb. The establishment is begging for us to vote for him &amp; he showed us why we sh…"
eng	negative	"#ProWrestling Can Teach You Everything You Need to Know About the #GOPDebate http://t.co/bRlwGxXKIs same target audience too"
eng	negative	"Don't buy @tedcruz 's stale rhetoric. Successful #CVE looks at root causes of radicalism &amp; adopts long-term solutions #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @KyleKulinski: Ben Carson isn't for 'politically correct' war. AKA he'll violate international law and think nothing of it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @woodhouseb  @fakedansavage  @missb62  @ChasingTao @HollandCooke @RobinHoodTax"
eng	negative	""This wasn’t a debate, this was an inquisition." A Foxy, Rowdy Republican Debate http://t.co/GI9kAKuee1 #GOPDebate #tcot #ccot #ycot"
eng	negative	"RT @johneberkowitz: If Donald Trump is elected, there will be hell toupee. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump had alot of speakin time but pretty much used that to make a mockery of the presidential campaign."
eng	negative	"RT @katiecouric: Cooper seems to be losing interest. #GOPDebate http://t.co/fWqSaIEbkR"
eng	negative	"RT @JamesViser: Trump loses #gopdebate but Rubio, Cruz and others triumph #copolitics #tcot #tlot #pjnet #gop http://t.co/YNSEYzRrhA"
eng	negative	"RT @philsturgeon: "Will anyone protect our right to discriminate against people based on any arbitrary thing we decide fits into our religi…"
eng	negative	"RT @hoonurse: Hey America, after the #GOPDebate, this about sums it up... http://t.co/4M0MskR83h"
eng	negative	"It appears the word has gone out from Fox to rally around the moderators of #GOPDebate. Seeing lots of staff tweets trying to defend."
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @IndieMediaWeek @Truman_Town @snarkylibdem  @RelUnrelated  @morgfair @IanReifowitz"
eng	negative	"Trump: Megyn Kelly’s Sexism Question ‘Was Not a Very Nice Question’ @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #2016 http://t.co/q7bHKnXWIE"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #Walker16's Rejection of Medicaid Money Costing Wisconsin Nearly $400 Million http://t.co/WVCiloZKpf #wiunion #GOPDebate #p2 …"
eng	negative	"RT @JamesRosenFNC: Good morning America, how are ya? Your native son will be teeing up the best #GOPDebate sound on @FoxFriendsFirst @ 5 &amp; …"
eng	negative	"I really liked many of the candidates as people but not so much as future Presidents. #GOPDebate @HappeningNow"
eng	negative	"RT @amandaclockwood: Scott Walker &amp; Droopy Dog... definitely related. #GOPDebate http://t.co/HccDkmV1WG"
eng	negative	"Who's "marginalizing" women Lingerie model @megynkelly or @realDonaldTrump Glass houses? #DeBaitAndSwitch #GOPDebate https://t.co/HmKmm5UoNA"
eng	negative	".@megynkelly, @realDonaldTrump insults everyone, so is it misogyny? Didn't #RosieODonnell throw the first punch in their feud? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate fills me with mild dread"
eng	negative	"This! biggest loser last night was @megynkelly who came across as a condescending cat! #boycott her show! #GOPDebate https://t.co/GlN4dwVCPN"
eng	negative	"Right. Let's get angry about all of the topics they didn't bring up at the #GOPDebate like they care. You can't penetrate the bubble."
eng	negative	"Last night at the #GOPdebate all I saw was a bunch of Rich and Old despots with ZERO solutions to our nations problems #uniteblue #cnn #p2"
eng	negative	"RT @OhioBATs: yes we need to listen to this #GOPDebate #Batsask why is that MR. Kasich  no trickle down working here!   https://t.co/jjABL8…"
eng	negative	"@debrajsaunders @GasiaKTVU Donald Trump was the self proclaimed winner of the #GOPDebate you ladies agree?"
eng	negative	"RT @elielcruz: Fact: Americans are in more danger from the threat of white men domestically than ISIS internationally. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dragswolf: We should have built that wall in 1491. #GOPDebate http://t.co/tVsTft9YK5"
eng	negative	"I didn't watch the #GOPDebate last night but saw 1st 90s this morning. Why does it feel exactly like @AmericanIdol or sim show? #WereFucked"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump, Rosie O’Donnell Feud: #DonaldTrump Slams #MegynKelly &amp; ‘Fat Pig’ #RosieODonnell [Video] http://t.co/VDNBhh6i7p #GOPdebate #GOP"
eng	negative	"RT @scottEweinberg: This thing is longer than two Hobbit movies combined. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheMayaka: .@VanJones68 "@JebBush looked like oatmeal getting colder!" ZINGGG!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Congratulations @Rosie for making the "presidential" discussion. Who knew you were so important?  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BicycleLobby: Since so much oil comes from the Middle East, wouldn't a War on Cars be more effective than a War on Terrorism? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""We are currently experiencing a master class in the art of political stupidity" http://t.co/HzmgLpHBl2  via @FodaRecord #GOPDebate #despair"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: Didn’t really gain anything from tonight’s #GOPDebate except for AN EVEN GREATER MOTIVATION TO ELECT A DEMOCRAT IN 2016.   A…"
eng	negative	"Wonder what "President" @realDonaldTrump's late-night tweeting might look like after meeting with Angela Merkel. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @amandagutterman: I wrote on @SlantNews about my nostalgia for a time when politics was kind of boring: https://t.co/uIpoaiGI9A #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @GovtsTheProblem: Apparently it was @FoxNews which received the order for the Code Red on Donald Trump, not the other candidates. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"A tiny part of me really wants Donald Trump to be US president. I mean, it would be hilarious. It would be horrible. Buthilarious #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ReactionaryTree: Remember to attack the #cuckservative in the #GOPDebate tonight http://t.co/uRTVBE9EKD"
eng	negative	"RT @benshapiro: How fast did Kasich track down a gay person to invite him to a wedding when he decided to run for president? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AG_Conservative: Did Trump just say he opposed Iraq war in July 2004? The invasion was in March 2003. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @heysarahsweeney: Didn't Nostradamus predict the "village idiot" would rule the world? What if... what if it wasn't Bush after all? #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Consensus from #GOPdebate: Several big winners, no real losers, yet everyone holds place--except Fiorina. What?! What's the math there?"
eng	negative	"@SMShow  @frangeladuo  #GOPDebate Gave "No Fucks" About #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/IuwKYlUdMg"
eng	negative	"RT @TheMayaka: .@marcorubio's God is only generous to #Republicans, so generous that he allowed them to lose twice but give them 17 candida…"
eng	negative	"https://t.co/2Vjdgml3g4 Chris Christie last night at the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @drjohnstl: I was asked about @realDonaldTrump &amp; the #GOPDebate last night. It was clear to me the questions were negatively baited &amp; lo…"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @ronprada_soho  @francie57 @MemphisJohnny1 @Floridagordon @floridajewel @Infamous_Deb"
eng	negative	"Notice last night nothing about climate change, minimum wage, gun control, and barely got into same sex marriage. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's very interesting that every one of the GOP candidates hates the govt., &amp; yet they're applying for a job to join it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tamaraleighllc: Disappointed. @megynkelly was my media #girlcrush &amp;after #GOPDebate think #WeAreOnABreak @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @noimosque32: Dr. King says his dream became a nightmare... https://t.co/FswFvAwKH0  #JusticeOrElse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Governor Walker, you've...said you want to make abortion illegal. Even in...rape, incest, or to save the life of the mother" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @UGottaWoody: Yep. It was like watching the political equivalent of #Sharknado. #GOPDebate https://t.co/AUTzyTwnv7"
eng	negative	"The irony of the @TheDailyShow ending with a speech about #BS the same night as the first #GOPDebate did not escape us. But it was sad."
eng	negative	"#MegynKelly  #GOPDebate After last night I won't be watching anymore "It's all about me" Queen Kelly poor me fashion show/ debates."
eng	negative	"More  #hypocrisy from @GovKasich and his #lbgt insight with some unknown god that agrees with #sodomy #GOPDebate  https://t.co/8xADP0WwTQ"
eng	negative	"NEW STATEMENT on #GOPDEBATE: It's not a debate, it's an embarrassment:  @CorrectRecord http://t.co/JwZqoAf75E … #TruthMatters @AlexWagner"
eng	negative	"RT @OppressedFart: . @megynkelly drawing heat on Facebook for attacking @realDonaldTrump with the "sexism narrative" in the #GOPDebate http…"
eng	negative	"RT @AG_Conservative: Trump asked for evidence of his dumb accusation makes up secondhand testimony from anonymous border patrol agents. #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @tobiasximenez: Need to check the source, but seems like something logical he would say #GOPDebate #RepublicanPrimary http://t.co/Ev6cta…"
eng	negative	"RT @AG_Conservative: Nobody talked about illegal immigration until Trump said a bunch of dumb stuff about it. Right. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Megan Kelly..you're fired! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @blacksab67: FACT: No GOP candidate has ever seen Ratt. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Donald #Trump: of all the Donald Trumps in the world, you're the Donald Trumpiest !" http://t.co/E2rBoZ1Zwy  @realDonaldTrump #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ElizabethND04: Now the nation knows how awful Jersey is, practically/politically/financially speaking with the facts Bret just rattled …"
eng	negative	"Still in disbelief that the last question last night was about God. So much for separation of church and state. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: Shut Up .@RepDWStweets-&gt;Typical Lib tries 2 convince Americans they R Victims 2 advance overreaching pub policies &amp; secure Vote…"
eng	negative	"Check out what Donald Trump &amp; the rest of the #GOPDebate believe is this year's Song of The Summer (it's Trap Queen) http://t.co/UgqnVjBhLP"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: While deep in personal debt Marco Rubio bought an $80k boat, leased $50k luxury SUV http://t.co/qTn4MpF3E2 #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @KristanHawkins: Abortion is the greatest civil rights issue of our time. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"17 classy photos from Thursday’s #GOPDebate http://t.co/SsmeqWDQQi http://t.co/GnsXwcX1Yf"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate What a boring and irrelevant group of people!"
eng	negative	"RT @ElizabethND04: Chris Christie has done nothing he promised us. Trump is a joke and an out-of-touch jerk.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Great #GOPDebate - CAN WE TRUST YOU? U were fired from HP, fired thousands of Americans &amp; sent jobs overseas. @CarlyFiorina @FoxNews @CNN"
eng	negative	"Well, after watching the #GOPDebate - I decided I wasn't voting for any of those candidates - No need to watch another #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Reveals @GOP Candidates’s Terrifying Fantasies About #Abortion http://t.co/GYjq13nW35 #TNTVote #AINF #tlot #p2 #tcot #womenrights"
eng	negative	"The perfect remedy for a #GOPDebate hangover is to #FF @s_cosgrove @rascality @DCdebbie @Satur9 @joanwalsh @RockyMntnMike @alikat747"
eng	negative	"Let's change the racist usage of the word articulate to describe Republicans who are well spoken. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mjtbaum: Maybe @realDonaldTrump can just ask to borrow this... #GOPDebate http://t.co/chnjqlQmBn"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Republicans always hate welfare benefits and big gov't, especially when they grew up relying on them. #GOPDebate http://…"
eng	negative	"Is this a debate or an ep of American Idol? Randy, where you at doooooooog?!?!? #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"Just wondering, how many friends *did* Mr.Trump pay to come to his wedding? He's rich, he gives out LOTS of money. #GOPDebate #AFriendIndeed"
eng	negative	"RT @AndreJuwaan: How does @ScottWalker plan on giving priority to working American families and wages if he is so anti-union? #DebateWithBe…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate john kasich didn't answer the questions for most of the night . Not sure how he won but maybe that plays to Republicans."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Also will someone please tell me the fuck is voting for Jeb Bush in all these supposed "polls"? No one I know is!! Fuck him."
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @marklevinshow @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump  how thinks its time for a3rd party? #GOPDebate #Trump2016 #Trump #foxnewsisdead #news"
eng	negative	"RT @_ciaradanix3: where's @wakaflocka during this presidential debate? #GOPDebate #snakesinthegrass 🇺🇸🐍"
eng	negative	"RT @ElizabethND04: But, Trump wins the awkwardly pursed lips battle...as always. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE @BuckSexton  https://…"
eng	negative	"Dr. King says his dream became a nightmare... https://t.co/ZmMwPr1IZh  #JusticeOrElse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Dr. King says his dream became a nightmare... https://t.co/FswFvAwKH0  #JusticeOrElse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Dr. King says his dream became a nightmare... https://t.co/72UVyMN4U4  #JusticeOrElse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Dr. King says his dream became a nightmare... https://t.co/YBo1Weii6U  #JusticeOrElse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Cary_Cheshire: You know, @FoxNews should not have put Debbie Wasserman Schultz on TV. Scaring tons kids right before bed. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump wasn't asked to weigh in on idiotic God question from FB - maybe because God hasn't purchased a property from him (yet)   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DianeRavitch: #GOPDebate Megan should have asked Scott Walker if he would let his own wife die to save unborn child."
eng	negative	"RT @yobynnad1127: If I were president I would send the #BlackLivesMatter gang down to the border to build the wall. Then they would matter.…"
eng	negative	"7 things Donald Trump said that would have destroyed any other GOP candidate. http://t.co/xrw4zIsxrB @politico #GOPDebate #GOP2016"
eng	negative	"ALL the candidates represented a clear and superior choice to Hillary, Bernie, Elizabeth and Uncle Joe!!! #GOPDebate #teaparty #tcot #tdgn"
eng	negative	"RT @LiberalMmama: In other words, GOP, YOU LOSE! The economy IS improving!! NONE of you could beat Pres Obama! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/Ycf…"
eng	negative	"I think Arthur Anderson could have run the #GOPDebate more honest than #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Oops. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/jQ9t7Fb9xM"
eng	negative	"RT @Uptomyknees: The Facebook logos on stage during a debate between potential leaders of our nation is chillingly sinister in such a blata…"
eng	negative	"Spot on take on 2016 GOP field following #GOPDebate: "not good for the party, but makes excellent TV" http://t.co/xTRt1MbcL3 #iacaucus"
eng	negative	"RT @FakeJDGreear: .@RandPaul reminds me of the evil land developer trying to bulldoze the neighborhood in every 80s movie ever. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Guess she's not laughing now. #Carly2016 #CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate  https://t.co/KBt4LTzYHk"
eng	negative	"RT @linnyitssn: I still can't stop laughing about how Rand Paul freaked out because Chris Christie gave the black President a hug. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"real question is how many minutes for Fox News Questions? #GOPDebate @FoxNews @nytimes seems like a waste of airtime."
eng	negative	"RT @coebooth: Is that really all they’re going to say about race? One question to one guy??? #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: How to stay sober during #GOPDebate drinking games:  Take a shot every time someone tells the truth. http://t.co/v1gKlMd…"
eng	negative	"Rubio-Backed Insurance Market "Covers 80 People" -Obamacare Covers 1.6M in FL Alone http://t.co/WHgciD8Ee7 #GOPDebate http://t.co/Y1AWqcPfNW"
eng	negative	"RT @PeterBeinart: make Planned Parenthood pay for the wall with Mexico #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The winners of the GOP Debates: Kasich,  Fiorina, Clinton, Sanders, O'Donnell, and Kelly. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So who won last nights  #GOPDebate?....Hilary Clinton by a long shot!"
eng	negative	"RT @nowthisnews: Last night's #GOPDebate was, unsurprisingly, a complete circus. And @realDonaldTrump was the ringleader. http://t.co/bigYh…"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisCamps76: .@RandPaul rolled his eyes when @ChrisChristie mentioned how he hugged 9/11 victims. Goodbye Rand. Lost respect for him. …"
eng	negative	"It's disturbing to watch #Trump being applauded after he admits calling women fat, pigs, disgusting animals. #GOPDebate #Election2016 #WoW"
eng	negative	"RT @SarahWoodwriter: This pretty much sums up the first #GOPDebate... http://t.co/f6GADlinpn"
eng	negative	"I'm baffled that after the #GOPDebate there are people still intending to vote for one of them. #smh"
eng	negative	"This looks like the saddest reboot of Ocean's Eleven where Schwarzenegger couldn't make the presser #GOPDebate. https://t.co/Sz7lU417B2"
eng	negative	"RT @JoePrich: .@megynkelly remember when you scolded Candy Crowley for doing exactly what you did tonight? #GOPDebate #Shill http://t.co/0s…"
eng	negative	"RT @brittparker88: Trump is a joke. I hate that people are supporting him. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate I really like Dr. Ben Carson but I am not sure he really has what it takes to handle the foreign policy"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: Any of the ppl in the #GOPDebate could do better than this. Democrats are killing this country. Dems' #WarOnWomen http…"
eng	negative	"RT @AndrewCryer1: I think that @BernieSanders won the #GOPDebate with #DebateWithBernie. Who ever thought of that idea deserves a golden st…"
eng	negative	"As Canadian leaders debated, Trump was producing the wildest show in politics http://t.co/MejxXpzG1V #US #USA #USpoli #GOP #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PresidentCam: "Please just leave me out of this" - God #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: Hey Jeb #CommonCore is ALL about dumbing down our children! Who are you trying to FOOL? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It's really distracting that the little Fox/Facebook panels aren't all at the same height. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @marty_allen: When Fox News knows you're full of shit (Donald Trump), you know you hecked up. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker &amp; Droopy Dog... definitely related. #GOPDebate http://t.co/HccDkmV1WG"
eng	negative	"RT @LiberalMmama: 15 yr old son watching news heard "Jeb Bush act of love ? during debate" and asked me "was that when he gave W. 2000 elec…"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: I was waiting for @megynkelly to ask @realDonaldTrump, "When did you stop beating your wife?" #GOPDebate @jgkight  http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: WHY IS IT TAKING SO LONG FOR TED CRUZ TO RENOUNCE HIS CANADIAN CITIZENSHIP? http://t.co/6d6xVAfpf1 #GOPDebate http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @FakeLouHoltzKSR: WHO NEEDSH THE LUCK OF THE IRITHSH?! #Holtz2016 #GOPDebate   @katienolan @kathleenmadigan http://t.co/YJJpYZuUuE"
eng	negative	"RT @lesleyabravanel: Stupid! Mexico smart. America stupid. Rosie O' is a pig. If it weren't for Trump I'd be sober now. Pass the tequila. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @Ben_Herring1017: Saying you're a Cold War vet is like saying you were a player in a really big game that got rained out #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Stop the world, I want to get off: http://t.co/zqyseSaT8J #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Was going to finish the #GOPDebate on my DVR this AM but then remembered it's early and I haven't had my coffee and I want to keep my soul."
eng	negative	"I know someone has the finalized amount of time each candidate had to speak, send it to me pls! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RonSantoFan: Fox News has made it loud and clear that core Conservatives are not welcomed.  Cruz was snubbed tonight.  Very poor.  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @MakeeshaThomas: @peggebeen A leader with integrity is what this country should beg God for. Can we get one upright?!!! @sortaricanrara …"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: Obama doesn't negotiate with terrorists - he sets them free and finances them! @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So much better to follow Twitter last night than the actual #GOPDebate. We'd elect any one of our tweeps over the 18 Republican candidates"
eng	negative	"RT @BlacknBklyn: @TheRoot based on last nights #GOPdebate, not people's mindset. When #BlackLivesMatter was brought up, the answer wasn't d…"
eng	negative	"Christie's closing statement destroyed all of my good will towards him. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"2013: Kasich signed into law a budget where rape crisis centers lose public funding if they counseled rape victims abt abortion. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LegalizeNegroes: "WE DON'T NEED A PRESIDENT WHO CANT SAY EXTREMIST ISLAMIC TERRORIST!"   But you can't call Dylan Roof a "White Terrori…"
eng	negative	""Yay money!! No brown people!! Gays bad!! Haha women!! Terrorists 👎!! God 👍!!"  #GOPDebate @GOP"
eng	negative	"At certain (not rare) moments the #GOPDebate seemed for pres elec in middle ages. Seriously, u r welcome to the 21th century, plz come in,"
eng	negative	"Fox News Tries to Trip Trump in 1st GOP Debate for 2016 #MegynKelly #DonaldTrump #GOPDebate http://t.co/8yQYzaCdIT"
eng	negative	"@SpeakerBoehner You too lie Mr. Speaker that's why we like @realDonaldTrump @RealBenCarson and @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JoeTheMailman: #GOPdebate ~ OMG !!! Now @megynkelly seeks approval from Liberal quack--&gt; Debbie Wasserman Schultz??? http://t.co/ZjrbnU…"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: Chris Christie Is A Loser. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SFriedScientist: Oh shit, guys, while these chumps are all in the same place, quick, build a wall around the #GOPDebate. There can be a…"
eng	negative	"Media continues to praise last night's Fox News hit job on specific candidates: http://t.co/qD3LBg4vDF #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate only @realDonaldTrump and @BenCarson2016 got personal stupid questions. Total #gop establishment hitjob. #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @JJPatriot: What a disaster @megynkelly was at the #GOPDebate   Sad.   One more reason not to watch @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @ElizabethND04: Kind of grossed out by Christie using 9/11 to help his cause.  It feels weird &amp; wrong; something about the way he's doin…"
eng	negative	"MK: "Mr. Simpson, you've stalked and savagely murdered women.." O.J.: "Only my ex-wife." *audience roars with laughter, applause* #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ReformedBroker: Rubio just blamed Dodd-Frank for wiping out banks. He has that chronology disease from Memento, you guys.   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I was watching a great show about the male psyche &amp; how it created a violent, greedy, cruel society; then I realized it was the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @megynkelly: .@tedcruz:  Our leaders don’t want to enforce the immigration laws #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rainbow wigs on fire. floppy shoes thrown asunder. Never slow to gawk at a car wreck. Unless its a #ClownCarWreck #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ElizabethND04: Amen, @ChrisRBarron. He has not lived up to the promises he made to my state. #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #FoxDebate  http…"
eng	negative	"What keeps Reince Priebus up at night!  #GOP #RNC #TRUMP #republicans #foxnews #tcot #GOPDebate http://t.co/1j0csjUmC8"
eng	negative	"RT @stephenstephan: Paul, collect more records from terrorists but less from Americans. 4th amendments.  Warrants mean something. #BigHugs …"
eng	negative	"ABC's @WNTonight Ignores 5 p.m. #GOPDebate, @CBSEveningNews Omits @CarlyFiorina's Line on Trump http://t.co/dl5mBjhJuG"
eng	negative	"It's obvious he got to #megynkelly - Rupert Murdoch Wants Fox To 'Back Off The #Trump Coverage http://t.co/Ao0zZFzEp1  #Trump2016 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Because Fox News didn't ask Trump any REAL questions, I still don't know if he's as good as people think he is. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	".@gov_gilmore @GingerLanier FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"RT @lybr3: Stupid cons saying #Trump #GOPDebate comments fuel #WarOnWomen rhetoric. Yeah, b/c libs needed a reason 2 use that baseless accu…"
eng	negative	"7 of the Most Ridiculous Things @realDonaldTrump Said During the #GOPDebate http://t.co/J4oP8geAlf"
eng	negative	"The #GOPdebate summed up. http://t.co/fkYSDRwzS1"
eng	negative	"Decided to wait for the recaps and analysis of last nights #GOPDebate. Even they leave me both bored, annoyed or disgusted with the GOP."
eng	negative	"Donald trump butt plugs available at http://t.co/MKeScV5BXE #donaldtrump #gopdebate #trump #fucktrump… https://t.co/3yHxS69KAe"
eng	negative	"Well after watching the #GOPDebate last night I now know what it's like to be hated in this country. #WarOnWomen"
eng	negative	"RT @platypus_shark: Hey, Jeb Bush! You know what prevents abortion?  All the contraception that Planned Parenthood provides! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Catching up this morning on the #GOPDebate got me like http://t.co/sqMqpnhdh5"
eng	negative	"Biggest losers in the #GOPDebate were @megynkelly and Chris Wallace. Cynical, arrogant, condescending game-show hosts."
eng	negative	"RT @JavaJoeX: @CarlyFiorina won both debates and then tingled on Chris Matthews   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"UFCW at protest of Scott Walker at Slymans. #Cleveland #GOPDebate http://t.co/7j0XyBPpMW"
eng	negative	"Great #GOPDebate but CAN WE TRUST YOU? On ur website u claim u lost your daughter but you were the stepmom @CarlyFiorina @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"#BlackLivesMatter activists tweeted #KKKorGOP to highlight racistpolitical rhetoric in #GOPDebate http://t.co/CtizNNaCZG via @rhrealitycheck"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly I though you did a great job with the questions at the debate. Trump is an ass &amp; you really shine the light on that! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@realDonaldTrump We don't need an a**hole president. Not ANOTHER one. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How could Trump not take Megyn Kelly serious as a debate moderator? #firemegynkelly #GOPDebate #FOXDebate #RINOClowns http://t.co/XbBNos5uv2"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie is as relevant as a box of doughnuts at a Jenny Craig meeting.   #GOPDebate #GOP #RandPaul"
eng	negative	"RT @bassem_masri: Wow the #GOP are running blatantly running on bigotry war and torture while not addressing problems at home #KKKorGOP #GO…"
eng	negative	"#ableg #gopdebate On how the #lgbtq community is careing, kind and hospitable and Christian faith is not "hateful."  http://t.co/MGsU7VMaIO"
eng	negative	"RT @SalTrifilio: Can we get @BernieSanders on a debate floor soon?? Need something to wash the taste of #GOPDebate word vomit out of my mou…"
eng	negative	"RT @JamilSmith: They are who we thought they were. @brianbeutler recaps the #GOPDebate, a messy display of conservative ego and id. http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @speakez6: Fox can no longer be trusted. It's Grubering its viewers. @NolteNC @Hardline_Stance #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@RepDold, Disapointd #GOPDebate candidates didn't adrs #ENDALZ last night; Alz is 6th leading cause of death in US!   Comments?#alzillinois"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate candidates handled themselves well considering the awkward intro, hostile moderators &amp; questions designed 2 bloody candidates."
eng	negative	"Just watched the #GOPDebate. Some strong candidates, but no clear winner. Will be interesting to see who wins the #TrumpvsFoxNews feud."
eng	negative	"Facebook, manipulating voter turnout in 2012, http://t.co/HtWqozLEGB, now a #GOPDebate sponsor?! Creepy #2016Election"
eng	negative	"REMINDER: Family is important to Republican 2016 candidates, just not gay families. http://t.co/Cs0UsasSQS #GOPDebate http://t.co/FmafDUbmfb"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate well this ought to be interesting...#drinkinggame anyone?? That Donald Trump is a real winner #asshole http://t.co/iVGI0Yq2TB"
eng	negative	"RT @rj4gui4r: Is anyone keeping track of how many times Lincoln rolls over in his grave tonight? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How is everyone this morning post #GOPDebate? The "Drink Every Time They Mention Jesus Game" put me on the floor."
eng	negative	"RT @DarrenRosario: The #GOP are planning to win this election without women, OR minority votes? I know they're old white men, but are they …"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: N.J. Credit Rating Was Downgraded Record 9 Times Under Chris Christie's Leadership http://t.co/tcE2dNEUcy #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	"RT @jon_m_swift: trump is a turd #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mattgubser Didn't watch the #GOPdebate because my TV doesn't get 1954."
eng	negative	"RT @IsabelFramer: RT @DavidLeopold @IsabelFramer tells @CNN that the #GOPDebate lacks substance. @OHdems #TNTweeters #Latism #UniteBlue htt…"
eng	negative	"No clear winners in the #GOPDebate last night.  The circus continues!  https://t.co/wSW9MsTNRH"
eng	negative	"RT @fakedansavage: Kasich won. Jeb! underwhelmed. Rubio was meh. Christie tanked. Trump was wounded. The others not worth talking about. #G…"
eng	negative	"If Donald Trump wins the election, then we'll know we're on the Biff-stole-the-almanac timeline. #GOPDebate via @someecards"
eng	negative	"RT @thehiredmind: Trumpians: In the FIRST question, Trump said he would gladly get Hillary elected? How are you not getting this? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: Bush was lame. No way around it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT@HRC The time for ending the military's ban on transgender service is long overdue. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @curlyheadRED: Omg. Ben Carson is really talking about a "race war." #GOPDebate http://t.co/Dhju2h9Pi3"
eng	negative	"RT @MAHAMOSA: So far not one question/mention in #GOPDebate about #climatechange. Shame on #Fox. #earth #environment #green #climate #globa…"
eng	negative	"Fox gives Trump, er Fox, most speaking time during first debate @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate #2016 http://t.co/mhtD8yPWlb"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate last night was phenomenal, and the ratings prove that. Watching these biased "news" sources spin sound bites is ridiculous."
eng	negative	"I may have missed it, but I was dissapointed with the lack of conversation about marijuana. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson: A vote for me is a vote for #TORTURE! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @JohnKasich said issue of #gaymarriage is planted to create discord #divideandconquer"
eng	negative	"RT @KellyAnnBraun: Kasich knows NOTHING of working class tired of that f-ing mailman gig #NeverVote4Kasich #GOPDebate #TBATs @OhioBATs http…"
eng	negative	"RT @DOPEITSTOM: we all knew it but i can't believe he just came out and said it #GOPDebate http://t.co/haANdIKFD5"
eng	negative	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: Jeb Bush lookin like a president from a movie where the president is the villain #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz just lied about telling the truth. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"What we did not hear was how Gov Kasich (Ohio) supports fracking - including past attempts to frack in public parks. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate @realDonaldTrump trying to make this whole process a reality show one hatred filled tweet at a time, you were and still are awful"
eng	negative	"Watching #GOPDebate for the first time. LMFAO"
eng	negative	"RT @jeromebristow76: From VoteTrueBlue2016 on Facebook! The Cliff Notes Version of the Debate! #GOPDebate #VoteBlue2016 #UniteBlue http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @edeweysmith: I wonder if Donald Trump will still be leading in the polls tomorrow.... #GOPDebate  #presidentialdebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate (Vine by @dabulldawg88) https://t.co/yGrnilSeUj"
eng	negative	"Political correctness is the right-wing mainstream media empire's refusal to call Trump a racist, misogynist &amp; fascist #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @gregbeharrell: #GOPDebate Republican candidates, get your own identities. Complaining in Cleveland is LeBron's thing."
eng	negative	"RT @AndrewWMullins: Correction. He now thinks that @FrankLuntz is worse than Rosie O'Donnell... #GOPDebate   https://t.co/9oxC7VGK45"
eng	negative	"@TheYoungTurks did any anyone @ the #GOPDebate mention the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act was the same day http://t.co/iT5ivdufWA"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Turns Spectacle and Leaves @realDonaldTrump on Top http://t.co/CdTY790RbB #TNTweeters #AINF #tlot #tcot #p2 #Latism"
eng	negative	"Disheartening row of ten tall men... Where's Ainslie Hayes when you need her? #GOPDebate #WestWing  https://t.co/dhIC3HWTyH"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush on snapchat after #GOPdebate: there were some mighty fine ppl on that stage. All better than Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders."
eng	negative	"RT @Buttergenie: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." -ACTUAL THING MIKE HUCKABEE JUST SAID #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I wish the #GOPDebate had mentioned the #Illuminati."
eng	negative	"His tweets made more sense than the #GOPDebate  https://t.co/2tJa5ORrzS"
eng	negative	"When @MegynKelly asks #Trump abt his crude remarks towards ♀ he responds with more petty insults http://t.co/a8APfMcCPe #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"17 Funniest Tweets on #GOPDebate Failing to Even Mention Climate Change http://t.co/CxOXwPA3j0 #climate"
eng	negative	"Jobs numbers contrasts with dystopian view of America in #GOPdebate. Also nostalgic America where roads were paved with gold never existed"
eng	negative	"@bryboone @tedcruz @FoxNews is ignoring FB feedback on the #GOPDebate on this morning's live programs!  What happened to"fair, balanced?"
eng	negative	"RT @JillBidenVeep: If they had their way, women will have to hold monthly funerals for their periods, like when you flush a goldfish. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @Shoq: Just ignore all the pundit blither. The biggest winner of last night's #GOPdebate was @BarackObama. Full stop."
eng	negative	"RT @Al_Gorelioni: I'm following all conservatives who are sickened by @FoxNews at the #GOPDebate  #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @wokkitout: The names you call women is not about being politically correct, it's about showing respect  @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@JanelleMonae with a summation of my #GOPDebate feelings.   #reprorights #reprofreedom #misogynyisnothonesty http://t.co/ySFeN4uk89"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: @FoxNews Failed https://t.co/GCLQY4kaq5"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel @POTUS Hid His Secret Sex Life From Da America Ppl.Bet He Got Sneaky Deal W/IRAN http://t.co/2IeDJhem7F"
eng	negative	"RT @politicoroger: Jeb Bush continues to act like a person who has wandered into an election he wants no part of. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @erinrook: Spoiler alert: Every #Republican candidate thinks he knows what #God wants. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"very disappointed in @ScottWalker's extreme anti-woman, #antiabortion stance as stated last night #unreasonable #GOPDebate #outoflove"
eng	negative	"Honestly I can't stand seeing Christie on my feed/news etc but if the worst thing u can say abt him is he's fat? Educate yourself #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NeinQuarterly: Who's winning the #GOPDebate? According to preliminary reports, anybody who's not watching."
eng	negative	"RT @Erasing_Us: Women do NOT find Trump thinking @Rosie is a fat disgusting dyke pig is "offensive." They think shes a fat disgusting dyke …"
eng	negative	"@RandPaul didn't defend the 4th amendment too eloquently last night but this article is a good mediator http://t.co/VLt68ymse2 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @erinmallorylong: Me during the Planned Parenthood bit of the #GOPDebate http://t.co/qC8z8kkYE6"
eng	negative	"RT @LaurenDeStefano: Did the #GOPDebate members know that women sometimes own televisions?"
eng	negative	"RT kayleymelissa: #GOPDebate is like the trial from The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Dona… http://t.co/jAqjwnndgB http://t.co/Eqfo1J5eZw"
eng	negative	"For career politicians who work in Washington, these guys sure talk a lotta shit about career politicians who work in Washington. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Thanks @realDonaldTrump for securing  the White House for the Democrats in 2016.  A liar AND a bully? No dice.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HokieHoos: Was this the Megyn Kelly Comedy Show?  Will this go on until Nov 2016? Is she considered a journalist? NO,NO, NO !! #GopDeba…"
eng	negative	"Now that the #GOPDebate is over, how do I just go back to reality?"
eng	negative	"RT @Becky_Yeh: .@realDonaldTrump once again showed lack of tact and respect during #GOPDebate. He's not a politician, but he certainly isn'…"
eng	negative	"RT @Anomaly100: Jeb! Bush is talking about how ISIS was created.   Psst! His brother is the culprit.   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"someone should've told @RandPaul that he'd be on camera while in his cat fight with @ChrisChristie last night, not a good look #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NaYaKnoMi: white supremacy party's 1st debate  reinforces the fact that many people in this country really believe some of us are expen…"
eng	negative	"I may be getting into my new California lifestyle. Didn't watch the #GOPDebate, didn't really feel like I missed much."
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: Trump sounds like a bully. Republican voters will love it. It sounds like strength to them. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Don't worry about zombies, conservatives have become the walking dead and are eating each other. #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"gun deaths in the US are expected to surpass 33,000 this year. Issue the #GOPDebate didn't raise: gun control."
eng	negative	"RT @icebergslim1047: Well, #DonalTrump don't like the truth from the Fox Focus group conducted by #FrankLuntz http://t.co/Zk4ajHqvxC #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Reading a lot of polls/tweets about who won lastnight's GOP debate. Not one of those winners was logic. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MacLethal: Fuck the #GOPDebate. Dr. Dre's new album is out!!!! #compton"
eng	negative	"Fox News loves to loathe Trump: It's money in the bank as ratings for the #GOPDebate demonstrate. CNN working overtime to maintain momentum"
eng	negative	"Seriously couldn't look at a single candidate on stage and see them as our president. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Scott Walker Staff Sent Same Racist Email Ferguson Officials #GOPDebate http://t.co/zvzmUBFBBK http://t.co/HGQTi01htg ht…"
eng	negative	"Best thing about the #Dollywood2016 announcement: none of my friends are talking about the #GOPDebate any more."
eng	negative	"Why did they have britney spears moderating the #GOPDebate last night?"
eng	negative	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: OH FUCK SOCIAL ISSUES IS NEXT TIME TO PLAY "IM MORE CHRISTIAN THAN YOU NANA NA BOOBOO" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate I watched it because I knew it was going to be the greatest circus act/show on earth. We R the laughing stock of the world"
eng	negative	"It's incredible the amount of people that are angry about the #GOPDebate. Fox News was not amazing before, what did you think would change?"
eng	negative	"RT @ambervanbee: And the presidential debates begin 🇺🇸#GOPDebate #PresidentialDebate #2016 #primaries #secretlylovepolitics #gohomedonald #…"
eng	negative	"RT @Crutch4: That's exactly how they feel about #BlackLivesMatter. Hardly worth discussing. Wow. #GOPDebacle #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly is believing what a few fans say about her &amp; losing touch w/reality. Sorry, woefully unnewsworty moderation job at #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio: Constitutional Right To Choose Was 'Egregiously Flawed Decision' http://t.co/U63WRh7mXN #GOPDebate http://t.co/yEfojmJxdO"
eng	negative	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: the constitution was written in 1789 back when priests induced miscarriages when women were caught cheating so... #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"It's true.  She disrespected Cruz on eve of #GOPDebate @mag062367 @timthejarhead @jamesrosenfnc @theusdesigns  http://t.co/W7XIptcJ3G"
eng	negative	"Not 1 mention of #ClimateChange or #SeaLevelRise @ #GOPDebate last night. They were too busy saying nasty things about @POTUS &amp; #Hillary2016"
eng	negative	"RT @americans4amer: Important questions not asked by Faux News, climate, inequality, why they cut $$$ 4 Vets. Dems won't let that slide #GO…"
eng	negative	"@THRMattBelloni @THR and naturally he praised the debate, right? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@AdamOgdenCEO RT @etnow: 7 most ridiculous things Donald Trump said during #GOPdebate: http://t.co/FpKW9YlzQw"
eng	negative	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: "the purpose of the military is to kill people and break things" first time i've ever agreed with Mike Huckabee #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"How much credibility did #FoxNews lose last night? "Fair and balanced" when we choose to be. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@MarkMelin I couldn't watch the #GOPDebate for example, which I argue should have been on broadcast anyway as a public service. Ridiculous."
eng	negative	"RT @MistiTweets: I Am A Woman &amp; Not Offended By @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly Needs To NOT Say ALL Women Rather Sensitive Liberal Women! #G…"
eng	negative	"when "word from God" got 2x the amount of questions than "race relations" we have a skewed sampling #GOPDebate  https://t.co/uIiQiDIFZT"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews was nothing more than extension of the @GOP Estab last night trying to sway opinions &amp; same as other news org. #GOPDebate. #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @zigzagoonsquad: that ? is physically repulsive to me how dare you ask a question like "have you received gods blessing" this debate is …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate is that Voldemort under Donald Trump's toupee?"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: REMINDER: 70% New Jersey Voters Don't Approve of Chris Christie http://t.co/8B9osZKP9l #GOPDebate http://t.co/fZkXVLTcF7"
eng	negative	"RT @Kjhobbs1985: @TheDemocrats not really... like the @ppact videos you're not watching anyway. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"so, the #GOPDebate happened last night and #TheView has NOTHING to say about it #interesting"
eng	negative	"RT @dorklyenlighten: when u a feminist but vote GOP for the paycheck  #GOPDebate http://t.co/0hCFteSUiX"
eng	negative	"Hey, Dick Cheney, maybe you and @realDonaldTrump can go on a quick hunting trip this weekend? #endthemadness #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NealMcCluskey: It is easy to say "we need high standards." But evidence shows they r not the solution http://t.co/xBridsyHeP #Cato2016 …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate they asked @realDonaldTrump about bankruptcies.  Maybe he will file in court 4 U.S. &amp; the country can walk away from debt"
eng	negative	"RT @Bonnieinchgo: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/V43yNzTRr7"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnJohnsonson: "I defend your right to do this" - every candidate while a gunman storms the #GOPDebate auditorium and opens fire"
eng	negative	"RT @ELVIRAWORSHIP: LOL “I don't see color" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @senatorshoshana: That moment after @RandPaul spoke is key - Christie couldn't disagree, just add and tweak a bit. And that's on Rand's …"
eng	negative	"To get any job, you need a great resume ... except if the job is #POTUS, according to @marcorubio. #GOPDebate #mepolitics"
eng	negative	"RT @hragv: This is not a debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"What I learned from last nights  #GOPDebate is if @realDonaldTrump becomes president I will be the first one to move out of the country!"
eng	negative	"RT @KirkaDurk: fun idea: take a shot every time a candidate refers to themselves as old fashioned #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The Donald J. Trump side show at the #GOPDebate represents accurately the circus the #GOP has become. If they're... http://t.co/FpFtx3nFCU"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebate Trump: the system is so fucked that I can say literally anything and people will cheer me if I'm combative."
eng	negative	"RT @HelenGym2015: Though Twitter was fun, #GOPdebate was still party exercise in bashing poor, women, teachers, immigrants, Latinos, trans,…"
eng	negative	"RT @VacantLuxuries: Mike Huckabee looks like Mr. Tweedy from Chicken Run #GOPDebate # chickenpies http://t.co/PLVdWlmarS"
eng	negative	"RT @davidbadash: Huckabee, wrong again...  http://t.co/nsd4a6AYzg #GOPDebate #trans #LGBT #gay #noh8 http://t.co/Wt7XKhvoAA"
eng	negative	"lol of all the people huckabee could've mentioned, he went with pimps and prostitutes. frustrated much? he's probably a perv #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DianaUrban: Wait wait wait you guys, I just wrote a horror story: "People out there are actually going to vote for these men. The end."…"
eng	negative	"I just remembered this is not actually election year.  We've got FOURTEEN more months of this, folks. #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"Watching #GOPDebate its clear that the #GOP has 2 many clowns in the #GOPClownCar that they need to eject. @FoxNews http://t.co/pW8M0Fhlv4"
eng	negative	"I... Did last night happen? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@CarlyFiorina GO CARLY! Matthews is an asshat!! Nice job! #GOPDebate https://t.co/1VmNccleMD"
eng	negative	"@davidaxelrod @marcorubio Its outrageous to not support abortion in rape and incest cases #GOPDebate #NotMyPresident"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: Funny how while Americans worried about Iraq, Iran &amp; Russia, a Canadian spent $24B shutting down US gov't #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	"Last nights debate was super disappointing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When it comes down to it, there were just way too many turds in the punch bowl last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Wait, did I watch a presidential debate last night or a roast on #ComedyCentral ? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The real #WarOnWomen is Dems making women feel they must vote for that worthless turd Hillary simply because she has a vagina. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@MattMackowiak @stephenfhayes Megyn is definitely not a bimbo, but she was not up to @FoxNews standards last night #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"It was a horrible #GOPDebate ,the first question to @realDonaldTrump was unprofessional and designed to put him in bad mood and destroy him"
eng	negative	"RT @Jami_USA: You can't shape the "debates" and then decide the winners too.. Sorry, freedom says we the people, pick the winners. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"Liberals, CNN agree: Fox did a great job! Then we know it was a #bust! http://t.co/1Dnkp6ghkB via @Shareaholic #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @JohnKasich didn't really stand out in the debate he left more of a clueless veiw on America."
eng	negative	"If you don't already think @realDonaldTrump is a narcissist look at his twitter feed - Apparently he thinks the #GOPDebate went well for him"
eng	negative	"RT @slackmistress: There's visual evidence of @DaisyJDog's thoughts on last night's debate, but I'm not posting a pic of dog crap at 8:16am…"
eng	negative	"This whole debacle is an insult to every American with any common sense or who has any idea of our history......#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How can you claim to be a conservative and support Trump? There's nothing conservative about him. #hello #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I won't comment much on the GOP, but you know it's a bonafide shitshow when the reasonable options are Rand Paul and Jeb Bush. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Stupid cons saying #Trump #GOPDebate comments fuel #WarOnWomen rhetoric. Yeah, b/c libs needed a reason 2 use that baseless accusation."
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate is a prime example why young people are turned off by politics and unmotivated to run for office."
eng	negative	"Am I the only one that feels like I have a hangover but wasn't drunk last night? 😲 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate I'm sorry I have insult some people, if you as a R, were not completely embarrassed by your party.. You don't live in reality."
eng	negative	"The real Donald Trump: Skin too thin and too spineless to say what he thinks to someone's face. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/zRwmTmIokM"
eng	negative	"Trump to America: "you suck"  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Gov. Kasich repeatedly noted that his father was a male man.  Is that kind of swipe at Kaitlyn Jenner?  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JButeyn: So candidates, what do you think about the "Bad Blood" music video, Lena Dunham kinda ruined it huh? *all nod vigorously* #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Donald trump needs shot. What a despicable human being #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Pretty sure @mtaibbi is directly responsible for a massive drop in workplace productivity today #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@GrnEyedMandy Walkers comments about letting mother die instead of allowing abortion's scary #gopdebate  These people are nuts #StandwithPP"
eng	negative	"Am I crazy or did the #GOPDebate turn into an tent revival at the end?"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate all those men are insane- climate change!!!!!!!!!  https://t.co/6xqHWqf2NU"
eng	negative	"With so many candidates, you don't get a #GOPDebate you get the political version of #ChorusLine auditions. #INeedThisJob"
eng	negative	"All the tweets about the #GOPDebate are hilarious 👌🏻 (aka Trump is the biggest joke of 2015; thanks for all the laughs 😂)"
eng	negative	"So who are all these Republican men sleeping with if women don't qualify as people, too? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @wayinhere: Why do these arrogant Press-aholes thinks it's THEIR right 2pick the next President? It's NOT! It's OURS! #GOPDebate https:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @boomx6harold: Wait did they just invoke 14th amendment on fetuses, but refuse to for gay, fully developed humans? #okgop #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Trap_Jesus: Oooohhhhhh Hillary. RT @HillaryClinton: Watch the #GOPdebate? Bet you feel like donating to a Democrat right now. http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @FatCatColleen: "Maybe if I just keep bringing up immigration they won't notice my hairs not real" - Donald Trumphs inner monologue #GOP…"
eng	negative	"Serious question about the #GOPDebate. Did any candidate...ANY of them... put forth a vision that will resonate with a VOTING MAJORITY? No."
eng	negative	"RT @JulietteIsabell: @JohnGGalt That was no debate. That was shot job on Trump, manufactured by the GOP Cartel via FOX news. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker Forces Women To Carry Rapists’ Pregnancies &amp; Let Men Sue Over Abortion #GOPDebate http://t.co/yziVIpQAnx @Badgersbane @amyjofox"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate Well, I'm lost for words..."
eng	negative	"#Rubio, #Kasich &amp; #Fiorina Rise, While the #Trump Show Tanks. And Fox surprises everyone w/ substantial #GOPDebate. http://t.co/96WvHcT07E"
eng	negative	"I've never seen a larger collection of nimrods on one stage. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @eiggamking: I wish these men valued black/female/immigrant/impoverished lives as deeply as they value a clump of cells #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @YesusWalks: I'm just gonna leave this here: http://t.co/46qIyxF6OY #GOPDebate http://t.co/XYy63q08XR"
eng	negative	"RT @DrMatthew: #DonaldTrump is a hybrid of Christie's assholery, Rubio's naivete, Cruz's lack of reality, and Scott Walker's derpness.  #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @bledwine: #BATsAsk Why R U pushing #Charter schools  &amp; Vouchers?  #GOPDebate  @BadassTeachersA http://t.co/L1B6NNg6Gc"
eng	negative	"RT @cjwerleman: A hollowed out middle class, stagnant wages, a broken political &amp; justice system, and we're talking about unborn babies? #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: Fox News has no integrity showing their Frank Luntz crap I say we abandon their entire network. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Was SO disappointed in the @FoxNews #GOPDebate moderators last night. Come to find out they talked 37% of the time. Some "moderators"."
eng	negative	"Well, #DonalTrump don't like the truth from the Fox Focus group conducted by #FrankLuntz http://t.co/Zk4ajHqvxC #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Just a bunch of squabbling on how to force the American people to accept uber conservative values and keep the under dog...under"
eng	negative	"STOP THE WAR ON WOMEN!!!! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/xT57F0HM5y"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson was obviously nervous.  He should have had Cuba Gooding Jr play him during the #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"I received a message from God saying "don't play that #GOPDebate drinking game if you want to see tomorrow""
eng	negative	"RT @johnnyctweet: Choose your puppet carefully. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Unlike #GOPDebate we'll talk race, activism #BlackLivesMatter #fergusonsyllabus #takeitdown #BTWAM on #UmichChat @ 1 http://t.co/XSrG0cT63g"
eng	negative	"Heaven help us if this is our new pres. #GOPDebate #Bernie2016 http://t.co/sV8cmCGaRz"
eng	negative	"@juliaturner @Slate It's about time they admit to something. Truthfully if the didn't then we would call them out on it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @YorksKillerby: #GOPDebate Also notable how not 1 candidate, not really even Trump, went after Bush."
eng	negative	"I think Donald is Hillary's biggest paid friend. #gopdebate @LessGovMoreFun"
eng	negative	"These #GOPdebate graphics by @newsillustrator show why The Washington Post is great again: https://t.co/JiLE7vegzJ http://t.co/PtjWXu7ImU"
eng	negative	"RT @TzviaBR: Today is "International Beer Day," conveniently scheduled after "International Listen to Republicans Talk for Two Hours Day." …"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump cries after the #GOPDebate The preschooler cant stand that a WOMAN brought him down. Hes a disgusting pig. #DropOutAsshole"
eng	negative	"How do Fox conservatives who complain about media bias reconcile what Fox did to Trump last night? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If Donald Trump can be elected, then so can the entire cast of Jersey Shore. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That about sums it up haha: 2016 bender starts now #SkimmLife #GOPDebate http://t.co/C4D62692Iq via @theSkimm"
eng	negative	"Hey America, after the #GOPDebate, this about sums it up... http://t.co/4M0MskR83h"
eng	negative	"RT @kzshabazz: ...But I don't take either party seriously. GOP and Dems are on the same racist team #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I wonder why "the Facebook" sponsored the debate when they couldn't even stream live video. So disappointing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @testisfidelis: #POTUS  creates Bureau of Vital Fetal Organs RT http://t.co/CHz5PJ6rr8 #FoxNewsDebate #GOPDebate #prolife #FoxNews http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @oliviabcarter: "Destroying Isis in 90 Days" sounds like a movie I'd pay to see #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @autie_liz21: Let Trump speak! You know @FoxNews is leaving him out for a reason. They don't want him to speak/afraid what he'll say.  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @MonsterandBoy: I am in an uproar for not being invited to tonight's debate! I demand a reason!  #GOPDebate @MightyPress @PCzajak"
eng	negative	"That's great, Dr. Carson. Now how about separating Israel from the West Bank? washingtonpost #GOPDebate #Palestine http://t.co/jGEbIHaenN"
eng	negative	"Can we get @BernieSanders on a debate floor soon?? Need something to wash the taste of #GOPDebate word vomit out of my mouth from last night"
eng	negative	"RT @NASCARNAC: Funny to see so many calling to avoid watching @FOXNews I've been saying this for a DECADE. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MonsterandBoy: Just because I'm not 35 and this is past my bed time doesn't mean I shouldn't be allowed to debate! #GOPDebate http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @gamma_ray239: Very disappointed in @FoxNews, They treated the #GOPDebate no different than @CNN would have; They were dictating vs repo…"
eng	negative	"RT @Jeff_Raines: We need to #fightbigmoney to bring representation of everyday Americans, not billionaires, back to govt #GOPdebate http://…"
eng	negative	"Here is a more meaningful (but not necessarily sillier) discussion than last night's  #GOPDebate... http://t.co/dqbkVEYzCo"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate asks candidates whether or not God has told them what to do as President.   #Imbeciles"
eng	negative	"RT @GilWhitedale: So the #GOP basically wants to protect all life by bombing the shit out of the globe.   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The names you call women is not about being politically correct, it's about showing respect  @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jodiwilldare: The biggest travesty of last night’s #GOPDebate is that I now have Joan Osbourne’s “One of Us” stuck in my head. #Strange…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheDailyEdge: Jeb Bush: "We can't succeed by dumbing down everything. Although, climate science we can totally ignore." #GOPDebate http…"
eng	negative	"RT @MonsterandBoy: I think the candidates are afraid of debating education with a Monster! #GOPDebate Monster Needs a Your Vote http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"@kimguilfoyle It wasn't a debate.It was an effort to bring @realDonaldTrump down. I see why he would not pledge #GOPDebate shame on @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolHello1: #GOPDebate Shocking Extreme Bias ... https://t.co/Oh7WNjM0WC"
eng	negative	"With no applause from the empty audience, #KidsTable debate sounds like a @BillCosby concert at National Organization 4 Women. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CzarofFreedom: .Not a fan of Ben Carson but @FoxNews went right after him &amp; Trump at the beginning of the so-called #GOPDebate.  #epicf…"
eng	negative	"RT @SPZanti: Scott Walker cut his answers short last night, finishing before the allotted time.   Marquette U: "We've seen this before."  #…"
eng	negative	"@elonjames I wonder how CNN will address the issue at the next #GOPdebate."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Ben Carson not the first to use half-brain removal during brain surgery-- evidence on Capital Hill someone beat him to it--HA!"
eng	negative	"Fox keeps congratulating itself on a great job.  Media using its power to slant as usual.  No real media.  No REAL Education.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When's the next #GOPDebate ?? Some these guys should just give up now"
eng	negative	"Where is Donald trump in polling after last nights debacle ? #GOPDebate #GopPoll"
eng	negative	"The "Washington Cartel"? Ted Cruz really loves to exaggerate to the point of it being blatantly untrue. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My family doesn't like John Kasich and they didn't think he did very good in the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Cancelled #comcast too expensive #xfinity internet too slow so could not watch #GOPDebate LOVE this https://t.co/KYq3spOe9t"
eng	negative	"It was bullshit. I needed hip high waders to get through the first #GOPDebate! https://t.co/w1qvOWU2CB"
eng	negative	"@bbc_chirinos Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @PhilHands: Why did @ScottWalker change his mind on immigration. #livetoon #GOPDebate http://t.co/RNMCNEKqmN"
eng	negative	"Donald you are the clown... Single payer is a failure! You are a crony capitalist. #GOPDebate  @realDonaldTrump @WilkowMajority @FrankLuntz"
eng	negative	"RT @mikandynothem: "Poor people have been voting Democrat for 50 years and they're still poor." Barkley #GOPDebate #tcot #pjnet #FoxNews ht…"
eng	negative	"The same species that created the #GOPDebate also did this. #somethingToThinkAbout http://t.co/mRB9N4QRvo"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate proves again media becomes  focus instead moderator. Better off with computer moderators who don't insert themselves into focus."
eng	negative	"RT @mjtbaum: GOD is making an appearance at the #GOPDebate? This should be good..."
eng	negative	"RT @bgluckman: "I went to a gay wedding," is the new "I have a Black friend." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SS_Howell: #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie #BlackLivesMatter GOP is hopelessly out of touch with what's going on in America https://t.co/Y…"
eng	negative	"RT @shnnigans: @GRForSanders I don't have a spare $170 but I'll donate $1 for every GOP candidate I don't trust with the presidency. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Not surprised that #GOPDebate candidates criticized Prez Obama abt foreign policy-but shocked T Cruz chose 2 kick Gen Martin Dempsey around!"
eng	negative	"RT @TheVGBlog: #GOPDebate:  Round Two Recap: We knew there was going to be fireworks.  And we got them with no big surprises ... http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate they shouldn't have to pledge,  they should all be on the ballot"
eng	negative	"Choose your puppet carefully. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DMBcommandments: Disappointed that @FoxNews moderators did not ask the most important question: "What is your favorite Dave Matthews Ba…"
eng	negative	"New drinking game: Drink an entire bottle of liquor when you sense oncoming war and military fetishisation. &amp; another. &amp; another #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Notes on the Republican Debate (gibberish) http://t.co/j7zipvpTxK #GOPDebate #politics #presidentialdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "They call me Vito BORE-leone." -- Dr. Ben Carson #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie: "Bill of Rights?" "Constitution?" "Never heard of 'em." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@tnr went to a #GOPDebate watch party in DC and found a unicorn: a 24-year-old black gay Republican: http://t.co/9Srohf9yte"
eng	negative	"One last debate question: is Trump trying to lead the GOP over a cliff or isn't he that smart?#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tomservo10: Has anyone mentioned our vets? Nope? #GOPDebate http://t.co/DJIT72GHX4"
eng	negative	"RT @GarzaVillanueva: interesting  2 see who isn’t worried about alienating #Latino voters, &amp; who is..” http://t.co/Nhfg2yIC6c #uslatino #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @brittanyshulman: What if we built a wall that kept the GOP out of the U.S.? That's a wall I would support. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @desspinaa: Funny how all male candidates seem to think their opinion on female healthcare is actually fucking relevant #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I blame the #GOP for how I feel this morning. I am Pony, &amp; I approve of this hungover message. #GOPdebate #drinkinggame"
eng	negative	"@TheEconomist not pulling any punches today then! #GOPDebate http://t.co/Ad1RihJsbz"
eng	negative	"Lindsey Graham has never met a war he's afraid to send your kids to. #gopdebate via @JohnFugelsang #FF"
eng	negative	"Was this the Megyn Kelly Comedy Show?  Will this go on until Nov 2016? Is she considered a journalist? NO,NO, NO !! #GopDebate @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"Could the "pundits" be wrong? They usually are! http://t.co/NB3btm8FFd #GOPDebate #DeBaitandSwith #iTalkUS #WakeUpAmerica"
eng	negative	"Preview of Donald Trump tonight at the #GOPDebate (Vine by @CaseyBake16) https://t.co/qIIm2gOiBI"
eng	negative	"@facebook @instagram do you know how ironic it is that you are censoring @Dreamdefenders for speaking out? #KKKorGOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Did I MISS @megynkelly's questions about #bridgegate or Rand Paul's father's legal problems? Or Walkers lack of a college degree? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @OMAHAGEMGIRL: So many pouty, screechy faces at once #GOPDebate http://t.co/o5AJvLqJN7"
eng	negative	"http://t.co/w7BWjqmlSX That photo says it all. OVERCONFIDENT, SHIT DONT STINK #GOPDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @CzarofFreedom: .Hey @FoxNews that wasn't a debate last night it was a biased Hit Job on anyone that doesn't want open borders. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @rolling_2: the hillary campaign was trolling during #GOPDebate  LOL http://t.co/oreEEE5HFQ"
eng	negative	"So who hosts next #GOPDebate , will it be all softball questions about Jeebus n Walls and shit that doesn't matter ? Or real Questions ?"
eng	negative	"RT @jmsummers: My first post-debate analysis for @mashable: how @FoxNews stole the show at tonight's debate: http://t.co/thIJliy3tL #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @OniLordAsmodeus: @GiuseppeIV ...and to his campaign announcements.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Don't think enough is being made of the fact Scott Walker was recalled in Wisconsin w/ over 900,000 sig's against his incumbency #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"1st question #GOPDebate should be proof @realDonaldTrump is out for himself. He will be the spoiler guaranteeing 4-8 years of Hillary hell."
eng	negative	"RT @JanelleRettig: I just heard from God and she said she doesn't care about American politics or @FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I was really impressed by @MegynKelly last night. She wasn't backing down from that egomaniac @realDonaldTrump! #GOPDebate @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"What kind of fuckery was that #GOPDebate last night? Are we serious? It's #2015... There are still that stupid of people?"
eng	negative	"RT @laprofe63: They were all #LOSERS in my book. But I'm a progressive, pushing country in "wrong" direction. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/4aPV…"
eng	negative	"RT @The_Robzilla: #GOPDebate race-baiting and gender-baiting isn't the problem. Racial and gender inequality is. White problems aren't the …"
eng	negative	"RT @AdelleNaz: The mainstream media would never be as critical of Democrats &amp; Socialists running for president as FOX was during last night…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Everyone on the stage was specifically asked very direct questions about their track records/statements…were they also ambushed?"
eng	negative	"Chase A Norton wants to know if you have received a word from God to vote for @NYCityCountry in the #NASHNext challenge!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Kniw whats even more disturbing than @FoxNews agenda against #Trump @ #GOPDebate? That a mysoginistic narcissist is polling as a frontrunner"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump was "railroaded" by FOX? No one said, "Yo, Trump, they may ask you about third-party intentions, what you going to sa…"
eng	negative	"I can't wait for the #SNL impersonation of Donald Trump #GOPDebate #BringBackDarrellHammond"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaPainUSA: Fox News is treatin' Donald Trump less like "The Apprentice" and more like "Dateline Predator." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: @FoxNews  has officially turned me off forever. When MM praises @megynkelly it's past time to jump ship. #GOPDebate  h…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly I don't understand why you gave Trump over twice as much time as others.  Rand Paul got 5 minutes.This is not right. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DiversityEric: A master class on how to get away with sexism, courtesy of @realDonaldTrump - http://t.co/ot8eTXtUjc via @voxdotcom #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @KaivanShroff: Wow. Beyond delusional...like I think literally zero people, even the most conservative, would agree #GOPDebate  https://…"
eng	negative	"RT @JonFeere: The most important question won't be asked in this #GOPDebate. Attn: @megynkelly @BretBaier @FoxNews #immigration http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"#Trump is to the GOP what Sanjaya was to AmericanIdol. We all know he's the worst contestant, but keep him in for entertainment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump Butt plug Available at http://t.co/MKeScV5BXE #gopdebate #donaldtrump #trump https://t.co/K0HqnCdjdx"
eng	negative	"Why come after I drink a colada I feel like I can run for president too? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PK_Pulse: Q: what does @wmata and the #GOPDebate have in common? A: They're both a shit show."
eng	negative	"When #CarlyFiorina is your leading candidate out of #GOPDebate #I, I say "good luck to you, men". #Hillary2016 #GirlsRule"
eng	negative	"RT @guyfromguelph: What an uptight, humourless, mean spirited pickle up your arse bunch of fools without any redeeming qualities.  #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"That awkward moment when you realize Trump is nothing but a coiffure that spits sound bites http://t.co/iErs8m2Sar #tcot #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SarahWoodwriter: Trump knows the the nation needs someone like him who knows how to file for bankruptcy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShannonSanford9: @cindiperez48 @tedcruz: It's bad when you're attacked by a moderator before you can even respond to the question. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @KyleKulinski: What's shocking is that Donald Trump looked relatively normal on stage. Virtually every candidate is as ridiculous as him…"
eng	negative	"RT @JamilahLemieux: "The purpose of the military is kill people and break things," a thing Huckabee actually just said #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JasonHitchcock: This Instagram of @HillaryClinton  and @kimkardashian had a larger audience than than the Fox #GOPDebate.  http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @LakotaMan1: The #GOPDebate (KKK rally). As seen through the eyes of Native Americans, African-Americans, and Hispanic Americans. http:/…"
eng	negative	"Carly Fiorina = 3 Time Loser 😑 #GOPDebate http://t.co/wNgLdHxPOp"
eng	negative	"Biggest scam ever #Trump  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Don't think feminism should be exclusive, but this gif is giving me all the feels after the #GOPDebate #reprorights http://t.co/8BmbXw7h2k"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel These Men R Apart Of My Secret Criminal Fam.That's How @POTUS Met My Ex Wife&amp;their Secret Affair started"
eng	negative	"RT @hemantmehta: "I bribed politicians and it worked! And that's why you should vote for me." - Trump #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"WTF DOES THIS RELIGION QUESTION HAVE TO DO WITH THE PRESIDENCY????? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyBowers: Trump: A president who talks like an anonymous Internet comment.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I don't think @megynkelly was unfair to @realDonaldTrump. She called him out on his BS and Trump didn't like it. Grow up Mr Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@kilmeade boy I thought I could #tunein 2Brian 4 fair analysis  fair debate ??we have a country facing hard times #KellyFailed  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LivelyTradition: Insulting Rosie O'Donnell and other women is not bravely speaking unwelcome truths; it's just piggishness. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Losers  Conservatives Hand Success 2 @GOP Establishment / @FoxNews Rinos And ... They Bite The Hand!! https://t.co/iDZywkQpwt"
eng	negative	"I tweeted last nite Jeb's real name is John Edward Bush, but it's John Ellis Bush.  Net, net, Jeb is a made up name.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My Mom used to tell me I was getting too big for my britches. I think this happened to a few of the moderators last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeBoyerHa: I'm not sure who won but I'm pretty sure the American people lost #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dnaples3: @sallykohn @graceslick77 After last night's #GOPDebate there can be no doubt the corporatocracy rules."
eng	negative	"RT @ThoughtCatalog: The 27 Most Epic Tweets That Completely Summarize Last Night’s #GOPDebate http://t.co/BMCuR1ZF1x http://t.co/f3vxTFAcE5"
eng	negative	"Can't #UniteBlue: RT ProgsToday: Yeah PPact. It still beats YOUR kids table. #GOPDebate #PPSellsBabyParts http://t.co/NJtda6R5qy"
eng	negative	"RT @mikandynothem: Carly Fiorina may have just won this debate with one video clip. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: 5 Things Rand Paul's Kentucky Could've Spent $73M On Instead of a Fake Noah's Ark http://t.co/s1gkhSY1Bf #GOPDebate http…"
eng	negative	"A debate moderator's job is to ask tough questions, NOT to attack the candidates then play the victim. @FoxNews @megynkelly #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"you can't fucking leave the school curriculum to be decided by the states, the south will abolish biology lmfao #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"that shit was some bullshit #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @blowticious: Scott Walker keeps saying he turned Wisconsin around. That state is poor, poverty stricken and riddled with bullets. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Jeb was a winner last night? Huh? #GOPDebate http://t.co/3VIMaoZbtI"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Losers  Conservatives Hand Success 2 @GOP Establishment / @FoxNews Rinos And ... They Bite The Hand!! https://t.co/cTBK93v0HO"
eng	negative	"Oh Trump! You slay me! #DebateWithBernie #Democrat #GOPDebate http://t.co/yhfktWap9z"
eng	negative	"If Donald Trump showed up at the next #GOPDebate in full Kiss makeup and costume, I might actually have to switch to the Republican party."
eng	negative	"Omg I hope none of them think they've heard from God. Could do without a schizo in office. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly strike 1 against the bullies. Name calling has nothing to do with being politically correct, it's just disrespect #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FemsHaveBallz: Kasich needs to be off the stage for the next debate &amp; Carly needs to be in. She was the clear winner even after the pri…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBaxterBean: 'When we passed Bush's Patriot Act, said POTUS could do whatever he wants, we never meant a black guy.' #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @AllThingsFlynn: 3 Biggest Issues in the country, Zero mentions. 1) Income Inequality 2) Campaign Finance Reform 3) Climate Change #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Pretty sure I was just drunkenly yelling “ABORTION” at the screen at the New Parkway last night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @DANEgerus: I didn't expect Chris Wallace(D) to be the 2nd worst partisan pontificating asshole "moderating" #GOPDebate @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: At what point do they declare the Hunger Games open and these dudes run for the cornucopia? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CarolHello1: #1 Donald Trump🇺🇸Ted Cruz #2  Even @NYT Repulsed   "NOT A #GOPDebate: An Inquisition!"  http://t.co/6Gt58AhdOf  @theblaze …"
eng	negative	"RT @WagTheFox: The #GOPDebate did not disappoint ... unless you were hoping for an actual debate."
eng	negative	"@archon @everyjoedotcom @realDonaldTrump FoxNews tried to take him out and gave him a big win with it #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @WolfNW: Find it extremely disturbing that outta everything from last night's #GOPDebate, no one is questioning the "who does God ❤️ mor…"
eng	negative	"RT @RepubGrlProbs: Carson: Hillary feeds off of the uniformed, depending on the votes of useful idiots... ouch. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rhondalevaldo: @etammykim @Marisol_Bello @allDigitocracy One interesting thing to note at #GOPDebate no questions were asked about Nati…"
eng	negative	"OBAMAS WAR ON WOMEN Record 56,209,000 Women Not in Labor Force http://t.co/3HVtHncEeG #women #Obama @potus #GOPdebate @whitehouse"
eng	negative	"RT @curlyheadRED: Me watching the... #GOPDebate http://t.co/zMBfMbAOUR"
eng	negative	"RT @lotyslove: Not voting for anyone who isn't discussing or demanding we discuss #WhiteSupremacy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not only are the candidates eating each other. Now all the tea baggers hate the fox host. Donald scores twice for Hillary. Lmao #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Watched 15 mins of the #GOPdebate and then spent the rest of the night figuring out how I can dedicate my life to getting HRC elected. OMG."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump slams @megynkelly at #GOPDebate and mainstream media is already trying to discredit him. #bias media #damage control"
eng	negative	"If I were a republican I would be mad as Hell that my party has been turned into a three ring circus by one Mr. Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@bdemoree nah man. I have #fauxnews blocked. #foxnews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate and the #macleansdebate are total opposites; Macleans ran a professional, organized debate, and the GOP ran a media circus."
eng	negative	"RT @BradOnMessage: While you were watching the #GOPDebate, the candidate @algore endorsed for Nashville Mayor lost. badly."
eng	negative	"Rick Santorum brings full crazy to #GOPDebate, compares same-sex marriage &amp; abortion to slavery http://t.co/DHtKpvVyCS"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump’s #GOPDebate Was Brilliant Entertainment And Inspired Some Hilarious Memes http://t.co/CPaav407zt http://t.co/QDqqpzIyHY"
eng	negative	"I'm so happy that my family is turning against Trump and they did watch the #GOPDebate last night"
eng	negative	"Posting this at the risk of enflaming the situation.  It's worth a read.  #GOPDebate #TNGOP http://t.co/MPFcHUIRT6"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump should buy @FoxNews and fire @megynkelly for thinking she could trump the Trump #GOPDebate #tcot  https://t.co/j35iWIhbcE"
eng	negative	"My aunt defends Trump to the death on Facebook. She also lives in one of his gated golf course neighborhoods #priorities #values #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"They were all #LOSERS in my book. But I'm a progressive, pushing country in "wrong" direction. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/4aPV2w39a9"
eng	negative	"@Marisol_Bello @LindseyGrahamSC @etammykim @rhondalevaldo Thanks for this source on Dodd-Frank. #TalkPoverty #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @beethetranny: hey all you stupid #democrats making fun of the #GOPDebate debate, go google @HillaryClinton's selfie with kim kardashian…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Recap http://t.co/TsUIKsJEeB"
eng	negative	"Beyond disgusted by Trump's misogynistic comments about women. Props to @megynkelly for asking. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How can Donald Trump think that he won the #GOPDebate last night when he never actually answered any questions?"
eng	negative	"RT @NASCARNAC: We should rename Fox News to "The John McCain Network". #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @climatebrad: .@JebBush's Million-Dollar Donors, updated thx to @zachmider http://t.co/K3BcdnUTM0 #GOPDebate http://t.co/qdiwcwNQY0"
eng	negative	"How long until the @GOP realises that @FoxNews is bad for the party? Narrower and narrower it becomes. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Cameron_Gray: I thought a #FOXNewsDebate would be the last place I'd hear "Oh yeah, let's squeeze in a quick final question about veter…"
eng	negative	"Me, guy like me? Going to run for President as a Republican just for a better seat at the debate. #meguylikeme #Republicandebate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GingerTaylor: #CDCwhistleblower reports that CDC destroyed autism vaccine data. Where are the congressional hearings? #GOPDebate http:/…"
eng	negative	"@Marisol_Bello Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @bjork55: Shorter #GOPDebate: We support policies &amp; principles that don't work, have never worked, will never work. Please vote for us."
eng	negative	"As I listen to the #GOPDebate this morning, I cannot stop thinking of #JonStewart's words "Bullshit... is everywhere"."
eng	negative	"Lets play the "What's worse" game. What's worse? 1. @realDonaldTrump calls Rosie fat 2. Clinton sleeps w/intern  R/T if u pick 2. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cokeybest: .@megynkelly Megyn Candy Crowley Kelly. Enough said. #kellyfile #FoxNews #GOPDebate .@FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @jjauthor: Politicians call it “immigration reform” because they don’t want to call it what it is – making illegal immigration, legal! #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RealDonalDrumpf: As president, I will get tough on China. As soon as I've accepted delivery of my next shipload of shirts #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker's Abortion Ban Allows Rapist Father To Sue For Emotional Distress http://t.co/rHMvgumuir #GOPDebate @Badgersbane @amyjofox"
eng	negative	"RT @EliseSchloff: Can someone tell the GOP it's not "I-ran".... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Good quick analysis here: Republican Candidates’ Spending Increases https://t.co/bCr3NVR9bk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"In a world with Fact Check, WHY LIE?! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"At this point in the #GOPDebate there is no winner. Only losers."
eng	negative	"RT @BrewStuds: Disappointed that #Trump didn't talk about his #craftbeer called, F**k Your Hair? http://t.co/dtYAx80Rnf #gopdebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @davidsingletary: 11:11 #MakeAWish (and please let it be for better future leaders for our country after watching this #GOPDebate )"
eng	negative	""not sure Trump is as detrimental for Republicans, makes anyone standing near him look like Cicero" lol #GOPDebate  https://t.co/CiO5IE0NSb"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Ahem... http://t.co/hD1UkBUrsZ"
eng	negative	"RT @Mauxes_: The #GOPDebate candidates honestly terrify me because if one is actually elected our country will be fucked."
eng	negative	"Idocracy at its finest.. #Trump #Trump2016 #GOPDebate #education #AmericasGotTalent #America #hilarious #funnywomen http://t.co/i4Iv4UK5jp"
eng	negative	"RT @usedtobgop: I don't know about anyone else but think last night #GOPDebate on @msnbc was a BIG flop without @maddow @Lawrence &amp; @chrisl…"
eng	negative	". @megynkelly drawing heat on Facebook for attacking @realDonaldTrump with the "sexism narrative" in the #GOPDebate http://t.co/KI7WCMIqaR"
eng	negative	""about the stupidity of everyone not named Trump. And so it went" http://t.co/rInB8kwt6O #GOPDebate #pjnet #WakeUpAmerica"
eng	negative	"It's scary to think just how close he could get to that finish line :(  #NotMyCandidate #DumpTrump #GOPDebate  https://t.co/N8jAFQCEgG"
eng	negative	"RT @feministabulous: Praying for @megynkelly to interrupt one of them with this #GOPDebate http://t.co/f9qwVLhb3z"
eng	negative	"RT @DanRyckert: I don't understand politics but I understand wrestling, so all I know from watching the #GOPDebate is that Trump cuts the b…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Hmmmm tough choice... http://t.co/hL2qNPqVgj"
eng	negative	".@TheFix's #GOPDebate highlights: Kasich's gay marriage defense, Jeb's Common Core defense. I think I know why you didn't like the debates."
eng	negative	"...But I don't take either party seriously. GOP and Dems are on the same racist team #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: Did Cruz Trump Trump? https://t.co/CpaXgGkJbK via @CR"
eng	negative	"@BernieSanders Not only are the Rs out of touch but so is @FoxNews  #GOPDebate #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @SomethingIdSay: .@FoxNews went after @realDonaldTrump  like they had an agenda. I don't care who he called fat!!  #GOPDebate  https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @jaymelee1: Do I attempt to listen to the #gopdebate while driving or might it impair my judgement?"
eng	negative	"RT @rcampbellsproul: A great summary of last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/kDeaGS3iEE"
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebate ..... Anti abortion ... I'm ashamed of my gender"
eng	negative	"I don't know about anyone else but think last night #GOPDebate on @msnbc was a BIG flop without @maddow @Lawrence &amp; @chrislhayes #Boycott"
eng	negative	"It's Huge... It's a F#&amp;king #Juggernaut #DonaldTrump #GOPDebate  https://t.co/F30T6FbE6P"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaPainUSA: Marco Rubio: "Why vote for someone successful like Hillary Clinton when you can vote for me?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BrickCh4News: Years later, doctors will tell Donald Trump that he has an IQ of 48 and are what some people call mentally retarded. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @AlexfromPhilly: "Donald Trump just gave a master class on how to get away with sexism" #GOPDebate  http://t.co/FWrq8mkzTb"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate weird. No clear winner."
eng	negative	"RT @OneLegSandpiper: #GOPDebate I was disappointed. Not ONE of them said "Churchillian.""
eng	negative	"RT @Jay_Dubb13: When I think of wall, I think of communism. I don't think Saint Ronald Reagan would like this. #GOPDebate http://t.co/2j7mT…"
eng	negative	"Today is "International Beer Day," conveniently scheduled after "International Listen to Republicans Talk for Two Hours Day."  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Media, be it on the Left or Right, want to shape the news the way they see it..  Thank goodness most people can see through them. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GovtsTheProblem: Since @FoxNews wants to talk about campaign donations, let's talk. @rupertmurdoch @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate http://t…"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate was terrifying. All I can say is, @SenSanders 2016. #Bernie #BernieSanders #Bernie2016 #FeelTheBern http://t.co/K8FKh4pNjr"
eng	negative	"RT @Sir_Max: ritzy_jewels: RT RedStateJake: Hey FoxNews - keep that degenerate DWStweets FAR away from ANY #GOPDebate.  #tcot #… http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @MattTheMedic: I don't know who won the #GOPDebate tonight, but I'm certain America lost."
eng	negative	"RT @dennisjansen: Donald Trump late-night angry-tweets Megyn Kelly, and it is epic http://t.co/sOaYXrXPTl #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BobbyJindal: Immigration without assimilation is not immigration, it is invasion. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JaclynGlenn: Here's the lineup for the #GOPDebate if anyone was wondering... http://t.co/OM8OSFGkHe"
eng	negative	"RT @sims: While I haven’t heard from him, I have personally addressed God many times tonight while watching this #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @lea_elenaa: Is this the #GOPDebate or Comedy Central?!?!"
eng	negative	"RT @TheIdleTeen: Why did she mention God? The last time I checked in THE CONSTITUTION it said there must be separation of church and state.…"
eng	negative	"RT @dog_memes: How dare you hug #Obama   #RandPaul #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #mememydog #ChrisChristie #pitbulls #hugs4chris http://t.co/Fs…"
eng	negative	"RT @ProfessorRobo: When did pledging allegiance to party at #GOPDebate bcome standard practice? ...I don’t recall RonPaul being asked tht q…"
eng	negative	"RT @amirandas: #GOPdebate was indeed flaccid. Want to hear what @BernieSanders has to say in the Democrat debate! #DebateWithBernie https:/…"
eng	negative	"‘Fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals’: Female victims of Trump’s sexist insults brought up in #GOPdebate  http://t.co/RAs5SFCNig"
eng	negative	"#NJ has had 9 credit downgrades in just 5 years under #ChrisChristie. #GOPDebate #FoxNews #TellingItLikeItIs"
eng	negative	"Obviously #Trump has captured the white vote. Now it's up to the sensible Americans to make sure he is never elected. #YesWeCan #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JillBidenVeep: That was more of a "who has the loudest indoor voice contest" than a debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @revjudegeiger: The #GOPDebate  talked about "what if" terrorism were to happen in our country again. White Supremacy is alive and well.…"
eng	negative	"RT @KristinMCoppens: So uh, climate change, eh guys? #GOPDebate http://t.co/VNkJJiOQGJ"
eng	negative	"RT @renomarky: #GOPDebate #FoxDebate   Absolutely no need for such long winded questions! We all know the topics! This ain't a gotcha game!…"
eng	negative	""Hell is Empty and All the Devils Are Here": A Shakespearean Guide to the 2016 Republican Primary: http://t.co/uJOT8N7UzX #GOPDebate #GOP"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: #BlackLivesMatter being discussed at #GOPDebate 15 seconds later... Commercial and back to borders and abortion."
eng	negative	"#Walker16 unprepared, uninformed, uneducated. http://t.co/Ldbglzna8G #wiunion #wiright #GOPdebate #UniteBlue"
eng	negative	"This Instagram of @HillaryClinton  and @kimkardashian had a larger audience than than the Fox #GOPDebate.  http://t.co/wLZ5rd7mUK"
eng	negative	"RT @ira: Rand Paul reaching for that black vote like: #GOPDebate http://t.co/SObMy09qDd"
eng	negative	"@CNN @CNNPolitics had 8 things to take away from the #GOPDebate but not one was about #BenCarson. It's a shame"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: You have no clue what silent majority is thinking.Your mindset comes frm 2% of pop. You're out of touch. #GOPDebate  h…"
eng	negative	"RT @mjtbaum: By the way... real, professional moderators don't laugh at jokes like that... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ncb417: I need some more answers about race, women, immigration &amp; sexuality from the  #GOPDebate candidates http://t.co/jm5caRypAT via …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate winners :Cruz &amp; Carly . Also Rubio, Walker , Jindal . Extremely disappointed in @megynkelly and Chris Wallace . @BretBaier OK"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Hey @MedievalTimes! Donald Trump just gave you a shout out! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Theme song for the next #GOPDebate should be The Dope Show."
eng	negative	"RT @wavemywand: #GOPDebate I hope we are all teaching our children not to Bully So why would US elect a Bully? @realDonaldTrump http://t.co…"
eng	negative	"Last night, I wasn't sure if I was watching the #GOPDebate or an @nbcsnl sketch. Absolutely hilarious."
eng	negative	"Trump: Unpresidential, childish Kasich: Made gains Rubio: Made gains, positive Bush: No harm, specific Walker: No harm, specific #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Top #GOP strategist on #GOPDebate, specifically #DonaldTrump: "I saw the destruction of a presidential campaign." http://t.co/xJ5cqGrsTH"
eng	negative	"RT @DavidPMiranda: Fritos aren't free! So true. #GOPDebate #FoxNews #Freedom"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  Hangover, and I don't drink"
eng	negative	"@BEbstyne @jonstank Cynicism is for wienies. The #GOPDebate was rife with grandstanding and stupidity."
eng	negative	"RT @mydaughtersarmy The GOP debate took an awful toll on Ted Cruz.  #GOPDebate http://t.co/NcU94RGBlO @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @greggutfeld"
eng	negative	"It was hard to take @megynkelly serious during last night's #gopdebate when her faux eyelashes kept distracting me.  Why, Megyn, why?"
eng	negative	"@marklevinshow And INQUISITION  it was ! Very disgusted with @FoxNews moderators especially @megynkelly &amp; Wallace #GOPDebate #NoKellyFiles"
eng	negative	"RT @VINNYGUADAGNINO: These mediators are so awkward #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Chanlowe: #GOPDebate cartoon...#Trump @wcgirl @BRios82 @jeromebristow76 @allen_bet @bayonnebernie @FlaDems http://t.co/5k3Bvihwmx"
eng	negative	"Why is @megynkelly on @FoxNews &amp; hosting a #GOPDebate with a clear biased opinion like this &amp; kindergarten questions https://t.co/agn0zXChx9"
eng	negative	"@marcorubio did you say God gave you wonderful @GOP candidates? That god must be deaf, dumb and blind.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not one word about civil rights mentioned at #GOPDebate #BLM IS NOT A SLOGAN.  WE ARE SUBJECT TO POLICE BRUTALITY https://t.co/mWScMJwm1W"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebate Anyone else notice @RandPaul's Church Lady face while @ChrisChristie explained why the #4thAmendment sucks?"
eng	negative	"@MahaKylie exon mobile and chevron corp wouldn't want their new candidates spreading the truth, after all they just bought them #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LoganJames: Shoutout to Fox for running a Straight Outta Compton trailer right after asking about police brutality against African-Amer…"
eng	negative	"RT @kayleymelissa: #GOPDebate is like the trial from The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Donald Trump is Jon Hamm's Richard Wayne Gary Wayne."
eng	negative	"RT @MStuart1970: Right! Do u think survivors of the FOX Massacre Debate realize that? #GOPDebate #FoxDebate  https://t.co/DtVsB531LT"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly She earned that title last night. Too bad she didn't take high road @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews #GOPDebate https://t.co/y4RHOTPvNR"
eng	negative	"RT @ColtSTaylor: #GOPDebate Did people in the 1828 debate invoke George Washington like these guys pull out Ronald Reagan?"
eng	negative	"My morning TL taught me 3 things 1) @CarlyFiorina is the Ronda Rousey of #GOPdebate 2) @megynkelly is a bloviating hack 3) @Rosie is a twunt"
eng	negative	"So many pouty, screechy faces at once #GOPDebate http://t.co/o5AJvLqJN7"
eng	negative	"RT @blogdiva: THE SCOTT WALKERS OF THE WORLD ARENT MAD ABOUT ABORTION FOR RAPE OR INCEST theyre mad y'all arent compliant to the rape &amp; inc…"
eng	negative	"God damn is this presidential debate childish... I know how we can narrow this shit down. #GOPDebate http://t.co/8vqg6XVjYc"
eng	negative	"RT @SanahBanana: Well. Nothing more really needs to be said. #GOPDebate http://t.co/FuBcs0tRZl"
eng	negative	"RT @EdMahmoud: Ronald Reagan switched parties once. @realDonaldTrump switched 5 times.  Has been anti-#2A and pro-abortion in the last 6 ye…"
eng	negative	"@ansonmount #GOPDebate  It seems that debate questions simply function to incite personal attacks among candidates w/o clarifying issues."
eng	negative	"#Republicans don't focus on the future, despite what #Rubio and others said in the #GOPDebate; it's always the past http://t.co/3RgjaDnyri"
eng	negative	"#WAR! MORE WAR!!! primary message heard at #GOPDebate last night. Remember when the #GOP was known as the party of #peace? Miss those days"
eng	negative	"SHOVEL COW MANURE? #GOPDebate  https://t.co/WMnt3c3LAB"
eng	negative	"RT @reignlove5152: @cspanwj /Jeb forgot that his BIG BRO destabilized IRAQ. CREATING ISIL. How could he even think that he can be POTUS? AR…"
eng	negative	"I'm not sure who won but I'm pretty sure the American people lost #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: America gives Fox low marks after last night. #GOPDebate  http://t.co/ROehWpN3Y5"
eng	negative	"@GovMikeHuckabee “It is of the utmost danger to society to make religion a party in political disputes.” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GodfreyComedian: People are cheering Trump with "Booray" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RexHuppke: Ben Carson, I'm Megyn Kelly, and I think you're a total idiot. Your response? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I hope Rand Paul knows that this country denies domestic terrorism when it comes to specific groups committing the crime. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Bipartisanism: Jeb Bush at the #GOPDebate:  "If you really want to find out how much damage one family can do to a country." http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"If Donald Trump becomes president, I'm moving out of the country again. Far, far away from his terrible comb over. #JustSaying #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Winning a presidential debate is the dumbest concept. It's supposed to be a discussion of ideas, not a pissing contest. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pari_passu: Odd. GOP is more upset over Obama openly limiting Iran's weaponry than when Reagan secretly increased it. #GOPDebate http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: @FrankLuntz ...you have no credibility frank. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"These crazy republicans losers diss Hillary Clinton like every two minutes lmaooooooooo #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Think we need to see @realDonaldTrump birth certificate to verify his age.His tweets after the #GOPDebate last nite prove him to be about 13"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate an audience who laughs with a Man that publicly calls Women derogatory names. Be very afraid. VOTE"
eng	negative	"#LibCrib Hey @JebBush, no way you're going to fool your non-supporters nor change history cuz you say so. #GOPDebate https://t.co/uRnYGW9DCV"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: Men deciding what women can or cannot do with their bodies. World history in a nutshell. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A HISTORIC FIRST: Republican presidential candidate @realDonaldTrump is now actively trolling the female #GOPdebate moderator on Twitter."
eng	negative	"Waters, waters, rising fast; history catching up at last. That's it in a nutshell.  #GOPDebate #FridayFeeling Aldon Smith #GOPDebate King"
eng	negative	"Last night in the #GOPDebate, someone should've asked the candidates if if any of them knew what NWA stood for. #BlackLivesMatter"
eng	negative	""Donald Trump just gave a master class on how to get away with sexism" #GOPDebate  http://t.co/FWrq8mkzTb"
eng	negative	"RT @JoshKlemp: Lame question for Trump... Megan Kelly @FoxNews #GOPdebate #FoxDebate @JohnDePetroshow"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @HouseGOP @Senate_GOPs and most right-wingers in general have no problem dismissing/ignoring the oppression of marginalized ppl."
eng	negative	"Huckabee is so transphobic it is downright disgusting. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JudgeJeanine: #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump  go donald "money going out drugs coming in" no problem w legal immigration ""
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate --&gt; Jeb looked/sounded as if he had just left a horror movie showing, stunned, stilted, frozen.  Jeb doesn't want to be President"
eng	negative	"RT @LadySandersfarm: Sadly, there's too many lowinfos. Look at KK and Kanye with Hillary. #GOPDebate http://t.co/PjoRQqIRA3"
eng	negative	"You know how your grandpa says something embarrassing each Christmas and you just have to roll with it? That was last night's #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Disappointed. @megynkelly was my media #girlcrush &amp;after #GOPDebate think #WeAreOnABreak @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/2DW9WCYTWI"
eng	negative	"RT @fakedansavage: Kelly: "Dr. Carson, you are an unqualified, misinformed idiot. Who are you fooling?" (I'm paraphrasing here.) #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cenkuygur: Does Ben Carson also want to follow God's law on non-virgin wives - stoning them in front of their father's house? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LotusTom: FOX news last night revealed themselves to what many of us already knew they were: Bush apologists. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Momastery: Yes,Trump and audience at the #GOPDebate it's HILARIOUS to call women fat pigs and tell them to get on their knees. Laugh aw…"
eng	negative	"Trump's response? "I think the biggest problem this country has is being politically correct."  #GOPDebate @SmittyMyBro"
eng	negative	"So Donald Trump is uncouth misogynist.  Another thing he has in common with Bill Clinton.  @megynkelly #GOPDebate @ellencarmichael"
eng	negative	"Trump is done after last night, end of story #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Fun Fact:  Carly Fiorina is the only one of last night's debaters to have ever given a woman an orgasm. #politics"
eng	negative	"Maybe the only way to compete with Trump is to bring one of the Duck Dynasty characters into the primary. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LibyaLiberty: The #GOPDebate in pictures. http://t.co/3wYsQ41YaK"
eng	negative	"RT @TripLangley: Are they running for pope or president? Why would you end a political debate by asking if anyone is hearing DIRECTLY FROM …"
eng	negative	"RT @DamienFahey: When Jeb Bush speaks during a debate, it feels like when a band plays something off the new album. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Shame on them, they should have watched reruns of the Apprentice and take some notes. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/LBYJacIKkK"
eng	negative	"RT @AlongsideWild: I don't think there was a single question in #GOPDebate about science, conservation, or climate except maybe. "Would you…"
eng	negative	"Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/nCalKxYW5c #HillaryClinton #PDMFNB"
eng	negative	"RT @MStuart1970: @willneal001 Definitely #bias there! #GOPDebate Massacre by FOX. Deliberate attempt to smear R's."
eng	negative	"RT @gamermatt117: @saladinahmed I think after the #GOPDebate Cthulhu is a pretty solid choice as well."
eng	negative	"RT @monatougs: @Instagram stop censoring @Dreamdefenders for their work pointing out the racism of the #GOPDebate candidates. https://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: There's no difference in the policies these candidates stand for. They're all singing from the same songbook. It's a bad son…"
eng	negative	"@GOP I think u can stay OFF MY TL.  P.S. F*** @JebBush @marcorubio @ChrisChristie @GovernorPerry &amp; any sockpuppet you endorse.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"EARTH TO @megynkelly THIS AINT ABOUT YOU!   #GOPDebate  #FoxDebate  #MegynKelly  #MegynKellyDebateQuestions http://t.co/yxHy6FQkWw"
eng	negative	"NYT: Winners at the #GOPDebate Include #Rubio and #Kasich #gop #politics #election2016 http://t.co/gJc6r46aVI"
eng	negative	"RT @Lemmits92: #GOPDebate went very well. My masters will soon choose which candidate will carry out their agenda #WakeUpAmerica #p2 http:/…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: Trump Trumped! http://t.co/zWIN7P0vhH"
eng	negative	"RT @EvilConservativ: Gotta give @LindseyGrahamSC props. He saw the same ambush we did at #GOPDebate and is calling out @FoxNews on it.   ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @r33fking: Don't you DARE try to show me your fruits, Ted Cruz. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@peggebeen A fraud gets no cooperation from true and American people. A fraud should be impeached. #GOPDebate #CharacterMatters"
eng	negative	"I did watch all 2nd string #GOPDebate ... can tell y they are 2nd string.  Not enough original stupidty and hatred.  Just standard levels"
eng	negative	"Good eyes .@randikayeCNN on spotting @360vodka Patriot btl on #GOPDebate's show. We should send you a reward. ;) #KC http://t.co/0Wr4jcUsvs"
eng	negative	"RT @ABurgerADay: "Balderdash" is my favorite word that describes @realDonaldTrump's presidential campaign run. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ProAudioLabs: @BBCNewsUS @realDonaldTrump  #GOPDebate There are many Don's but just two Donald's, Trump and Duck... and they both quack…"
eng	negative	"RT @JoeMyGod: Ben Carson wants all Americans to tithe the federal government. I think I just heard the Hunger Games cannon. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@RawStory FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"Photo: Selfie of life! @HillaryClinton + Mr &amp; Mrs @kanyewest http://t.co/x5l81b1RkV @KimKardashian #GOPDebate #HillaryForPresident #TBW"
eng	negative	"RT @LPNational: And now @LindseyGrahamSC will send more troops to #Iraq and #Afghanistan. Any bets on what country is next? #GOPDebate #war…"
eng	negative	"RT @aleklev: It's possible that @GovernorPerry didn't know they were going to ask him questions. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheClothier: The #StraitOuttaCompton commercial was longer than the #BlackLivesMatter question/ answer. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Had the weirdest/scariest dream last night... thinking the #GOPDebate messed with my subconscious"
eng	negative	"RT @sabinazafar: #GOPDebate:10 men talking about planned parenthood. How many of them have given birth?@emilyslist @EmergeCA @CADemWomen #m…"
eng	negative	"I was tweeting so hard during the #GOPCircus that I thought I broke my finger. Nope, but I did dislocate it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @paulisci: Comparing #macdebate to #GOPdebate, I think Canadians are the big winners tonight."
eng	negative	"RT @Politics_PR: #FoxNews insults candidates with awkward staging(video): http://t.co/YDLJHGHuvy #GOPdebate #p2 http://t.co/j1sAgVx8Ku"
eng	negative	"RT @YoungBLKRepub: Liberals: Democrat Debate will be more interesting   Me: Yeah two 70 year old white socialists going at it, pretty inter…"
eng	negative	"There's visual evidence of @DaisyJDog's thoughts on last night's debate, but I'm not posting a pic of dog crap at 8:16am. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If only...18 months from now, debris from a crashed Republican party would wash up on a beach somewhere. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"In the aftermath of the #GOPDebate I’m inclined to say that the stage impressed me more than I thought. Except trump. His ride is ending."
eng	negative	"RT @Jacque_Isaacs: Who here is only a republican because it's politically convenient at the moment? #GOP2016debate #GOPDebate http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"RT @Jamey_Giddens: You'd think GOP voters would demand more than this asinine "I'm a man's man. I grab my cock, screw my wife &amp; love Jesus"…"
eng	negative	"RT @PruneJuiceMedia: Jeb needs a reality check that it was HIS brother who messed up Iraq. Don’t put Obama on that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Big man child Donald Trump is mad at Megyn Kelly for calling out his garbage. #GOPDebate http://t.co/ck0vDCwBZW"
eng	negative	"Been on my mind all day. @megynkelly @FoxNews &amp; Chris Wallace you did a terrible job last night. You were losers of the night. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When will the GOP decide who moves up to the varsity debate and who goes down to the JV debate? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""She was mean to me. Tried calling me sexist. I sure mansplained to her on how women should behave." #GOPDebate  https://t.co/FuW1M1u2f9"
eng	negative	"RT @aebrennen: PSA:  The police have killed more unarmed and armed americans than ISIS.  Why dont we spend more than 20 secs talking about …"
eng	negative	"RT @aelmore: I tried to watch the debate, but instead I watched 10 millionaires play Who Grew Up the Poorest?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @atdleft: Now @LetsTalkNevada: How poorly did @JebBush fare @ #GOPDebate? &amp; can @realDonaldTrump be stopped? http://t.co/oc22zjuRqM #Uni…"
eng	negative	"@tamronhall @newsnation my takeaway from last nights #GOPDebate is,it's all  #smokeandmirrors pseudo-#RealityTV .  #clowncar full of idiots"
eng	negative	"RT @AFickleLover_: Lol now the republican love Carson. Racism loves a Black man who submits! Let's stop now #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tamaraholder: This makes me laugh! https://t.co/03ypLNFagb #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Topics left out of #GOPdebate: 5.) The debate was a “gun-free zone.” #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"Neither @marcorubio nor @JebBush defend #immigrants at #GOPDebate -#TNTVote #AINF #tlot #p2 #Latism #Florida #Miami https://t.co/7VLvRnX8sp"
eng	negative	"MANNIE WATCHING TEH #GOPDEBATE. DEY IZ ACTIN LIEK DUM GOGGIES."
eng	negative	"Neither moderator’s in yest’s #GOPDebate explicitly ref'd #BlackLivesMatter mvmnt,NO candidate ack.it http://t.co/dRy03TMgq5"
eng	negative	"RT @writewright7: #GOPDebate rivaled a grand production of a Ringling Brothers &amp; Barnum &amp; Bailey circus with 10 mudslinging elephants on pa…"
eng	negative	"RT @WendyWinston4: Florida graduation rate was last when Bush left office #StrongPublicSchools #NEATruthSquad #GOPDebate (http://t.co/q6zBY…"
eng	negative	"can't believe that actually happened last night (the #GOPDebate)"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate Hangover Blues August 2015 Edition http://t.co/gYtgz2pT43 I should have posted a hangover cure to the drinking game..."
eng	negative	"RT @MikeMalinconico: @megynkelly @FoxNews @FoxNewsSunday @BretBaier not 1 of these ?'s 4 @realDonaldTrump #KellyFile #gopdebate #foxnews ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyWonka: Brother of the guy who almost plunged U.S. into a Great Depression is telling you the guy who fixed it is the problem  Amer…"
eng	negative	"RT @alittlestats: Fox Failed Statistics in Explaining Its G.O.P. Debate Decision http://t.co/JBZchd34wa #APStats #statschat #GOPDebate h/t …"
eng	negative	"Fox News was second rate last night. "Fair and Balanced" needs to be replaced with "Agendas and Pandering" Terrible job Fox! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShannonBream: Terminate the Iran deal on day one, put even more crippling sanctions in place, convince allies to do same - says @GovWal…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate --&gt; Marco Rubio is rehashing his past Florida campaign speeches...Don't be fooled; owned by GOP Olde Guard!  He needs a real job!"
eng	negative	""...you once told a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice it would be a "pretty picture" to see her on her knees." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Thanks to #NetNeutrality #BlackTwitter gave me my life at the exact moment the #GOPDebate was killing me. #Internet2016 #BlackLivesMatter"
eng	negative	"@arsamandica @megynkelly  Sexist #MegynKelly made the #GOPDebate about sex, instead of getting the White House."
eng	negative	"RT @TheMurdochTimes: Democrat #ChuckSchumer announces, during #GOPDebate, he will join Republicans in making it easier for Iran to get nucl…"
eng	negative	"the resemblance is uncanny #GOPDebate  https://t.co/sc4OVC5rSF"
eng	negative	"RT @Anisha_S113: Topics left out of #GOPDebate: 2.) On the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, voting rights was not mentioned once.…"
eng	negative	"RT @BverInFL: #GOPDebate did not touch several important issues. Trump gets most time. http://t.co/tvrIxUG666"
eng	negative	"RT @SninkyPoo: .@SpeakerBoehner It's time to evolve on #climatechange sir! https://t.co/p9fKQuZmj8  (Yes, #evolution is real, too.  ;-)  #G…"
eng	negative	"@TheFix @washingtonpost Wow. Amazing country we live in where being rude/unprofessional elicits praise #GOPDebate #Trump2016 #Trump"
eng	negative	"So Jon Stewart quits the same day of the #GOPDebate. I feel like he is going to miss the greatest comedic election of all time."
eng	negative	"You know the #GOPDebate last night was horribly run when liberals/CNN say it was well organized."
eng	negative	"RT @lala_houston: #Trump should have been asked the question on policing of America and the civil rights movement of our time. Not Walker. …"
eng	negative	"RT @UniteWomenOrg: Gentle Reminder: #CarlyFiorina fired 18,000 people from HP then took $21MILLION. http://t.co/ltVJNGXobe … #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#trump uses money just like #obama uses race. #GOPDebate #FoxNews Whats the difference?"
eng	negative	"RT @DaneCook: The #GOPDebate is like watching The Bachelorette without the rose ceremony."
eng	negative	"RT @CloneNic: Me during this social issues section of the debate. #GOPDebate http://t.co/oC9cGr7H2z"
eng	negative	"RT @sirenidica: Add this to #HilaryClinton accomplishments. Selfies with K's. #GOPDebate http://t.co/1r1lEnUNU1"
eng	negative	"Really? Hey Donald you were face to face with her less than a day ago then you cast shade of Twitter. #GOPDebate 😒 https://t.co/rdu8Od3tEc"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Unplanned GOP parenthood ... You're going to have a Trump. http://t.co/6RZMowRG8u"
eng	negative	"RT @BNLieb: By smearing opponents of #WhiteGenocide as “Nazis” Libzis perverted the #MemoryOfTheHolocaust into a weapon to GUARANTEE genoci…"
eng	negative	"Topics left out of #GOPDebate: 4.) The entire conversation around #BlackLivesMatter lasted a total of 47 seconds. #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"".@FoxNews: Opinion: Trump loses #GOPDebate but Rubio, Cruz and others triumph via @lizpeek http://t.co/q13VkuLP3r http://t.co/qoCnOIxEdN""
eng	negative	"RT @UniteWomenOrg: GOOD point: #CarlyFiorina could know a lot about foreign lands, since she sends our  American jobs there. #GOPDebate htt…"
eng	negative	"“@JohnFugelsang #GOPDebate  Nothing new. Same old song and dance."
eng	negative	"RT @MormonDems: Ben Carson: I will end polarization by removing health insurance from 17 million Americans. #Obamacare #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #DumpTrump stop wasting air time on this chump. What a waste. He couldn't carry a conversation w any world leader. Joke-City👎🏻🌍"
eng	negative	"RT @barbicue: Last night was a bad TV game show. FOX should be embarrassed. Like "Wipeout" without rubber mallets and water hazards. @tonyk…"
eng	negative	"RT @KenDiesel: If it's not clear to Conservatives yet, we are going to have to win the primary with NO fair treatment from the media. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"The Fox News #GOPDebate moderators ran the show last night exactly the way RNC Chairman @Reince instructed. http://t.co/Ie55TXbvnP"
eng	negative	"Don't think Rosie O'Donnell needs to explain anything about being a fat, ugly pig to her children. #GOPDebate http://t.co/6YKnybXLW6"
eng	negative	"A very cool #dataviz shared by @kennethsilber about the #GOPDebate last night http://t.co/FACtlsxf4g http://t.co/PSYNbUelhy"
eng	negative	"RT @LodiSilverado: Biggest Loser in Tonight’s #GOPdebate : Foxnews"
eng	negative	"RT @erinnrobinsonn: Can we please stop using 9/11 to get some kind of bizarre street cred?? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""The minority community" - guess who said it, #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"You didn't do a bad job, @BretBaier, but a reporter should never scold &amp; say things like, "You mean to tell me???"   Do better.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#FOX slurped so hard on #GOP establishments slurpy they got brain freeze. #AVN has offered #MegynKelly an award @realDonaldTrump #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"#ConservativeScoreCard @JebBush showed his colors - waiting for him to announce his VP with #Hillary #tcot #GOPDebate #DumpJeb"
eng	negative	"Topics left out of #GOPDebate: 3.) Despite its centrality to so many important issues, economic inequality was not mentioned once. #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"Can Donald trump be in the democratic debate too? #GOPDebate #entertainment"
eng	negative	"Check out my recap of last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/FMPcxRRFn3"
eng	negative	"@NYTimeskrugman: #DonaldTrump "is, fundamentally, an absurd figure, so are his rivals" http://t.co/j9MrfLRzS6 #GOPDebate #election2015"
eng	negative	"What #GOPDebate? I saw a Q and A session, nothing exciting, same old, same old"
eng	negative	"RT @NoChristie16: #ChrisChristie is a thin-skinned #bully. If we feel sorry for him the more fool us. #RandPaul #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@sallykohn @graceslick77 After last night's #GOPDebate there can be no doubt the corporatocracy rules."
eng	negative	"Me too ....  #GOPDebate Fox Assassins Boomerang: Self-Inflicted Irrepairable Damage!  https://t.co/Km9maqD4S8"
eng	negative	"I didn't expect Chris Wallace(D) to be the 2nd worst partisan pontificating asshole "moderating" #GOPDebate @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"RT @JoSpiv: I hope Ben Carson says more about using taxes and tithes because that was the most batshit crazy thing said all night. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @VinylGodson: #GOPDebate ....Republicans talk about Reagan like Cowboys fans talk about their past championships.  @RealDLHughley @BILLB…"
eng	negative	"RT @HeatherWhaley: "Save all the babies! Except those killed by unsecured guns." - #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"But @realDonaldTrump supporters are saying he was treated "unfairly?" Yea... Right. #GOPDebate http://t.co/nJrwoYrrzM"
eng	negative	"Last night, they only cared about their money, god, and fetuses. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My greatest takeaway from the #GOPDebate is the format stinks. Eliminate the moderator questions. Let the candidates actually debate."
eng	negative	"RT @JesseCox: I am eager to see what the next polls say, cause they hammered Trump hard. If that didn't slow him down I don't know what wil…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly you were completely embarrassing and unprofessional last evening #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump late-night angry-tweets Megyn Kelly:  http://t.co/oQaO3th0IM #GOPDebate http://t.co/pIRCINLByl"
eng	negative	"RT @Leapoverthat: #GOPDebate had lower attendance than the national spelling bee and its opponents are probably less qualified http://t.co/…"
eng	negative	"RT @TimBartender: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly Trump you are funny.  Unqualified.  Nasty.  Wrong-headed, but funny. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate who really thinks that US manufacturing can be competitive in labor-intensive industries?"
eng	negative	"RT @BELUTHAHATCHIE: God, with usual sadism, seems to be telling multiple GOP candidates they have "His" vote. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@AlexisinNH Fox clearly forgot the entire issue until someone from the audience had to jump in. Fox was the big loser last night.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump always looks like he was on the business end of a fart you can taste. #GOPDebate http://t.co/kEB7ecHcSE"
eng	negative	"What an uptight, humourless, mean spirited pickle up your arse bunch of fools without any redeeming qualities.  #GOPDebate #atheist"
eng	negative	"RT @Lisa_Luerssen: If the New York Times thinks Fox News did a good job then no matter who your candidate is. We are in trouble. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I wonder if the 14 people in the audience were just on their way out from the Don Henley concert and stuck around.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@WalterWhfla @DesignerDeb3 @realDonaldTrump ABSOLUTELY!  I REFUSE TO ALLOW @FoxNews to speak for me. I'll draw my own conclusions #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @FixYourLife: So you're all 100% voting democrat no matter what, but you spent your night watching the #GOPDebate so you could tweet jok…"
eng	negative	"RT @ohiomail: #GOPDebate Carly Fiorina's Only Accomplishment was "I Ran a Top 50 American Company" Into The GROUND &amp; Got Fired  https://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @coreylim_: get a uterus, then we'll talk. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SenBillFerg: Well, 14 more months of this. Elections have consequences. Let's not forget that in November 2016. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Does @realDonaldTrump believe he's gonna win republican women support by attaching @megynkelly ? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Last night was a bad TV game show. FOX should be embarrassed. Like "Wipeout" without rubber mallets and water hazards. @tonykatz #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hey media - If you ignore Trump, maybe he'll go away. Just a hint. #honeybadger #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was hugely entertaining. Sadly, we learned almost nothing http://t.co/1Gt4LrEePO #tcot #LatinosListen #latism"
eng	negative	"RT @jricole: Scott Walker thinks Iran, the most effective anti-ISIL force, is tied to ISIL #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The candidate that consistently talks about &amp;plans on cutting ALL forms of immigration will quickly gain the electorate's support.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Anyone heard from God yet? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Topics left out of #GOPDebate: 2.) On the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, voting rights was not mentioned once. #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"RT @DrenzPen: My feelings for each #GOPDebate candidate http://t.co/lLlPAgV2jj"
eng	negative	"RT @TotalFutbalNow: #GOPDebate Ben Carson, the GOP depends on uneducated voters!"
eng	negative	"RT @ShelbyKnox: "The purpose of the military is to kill people &amp; break things." - Huckabee in route to being wildly transphobic. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Nicolucci1899: I've never seen a white-face minstrel show before. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This stinks so far. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#DonaldTrumpforPresident in the #GOPDebate proves he's a neanderthal http://t.co/BGySqOiv3K #WhatILearnedToday #BitchyOldQueen @HeidiVoight"
eng	negative	"RT @jolemo376: I think @FoxNews did everything it could to derail the @realDonaldTrump during the #GOPDebate. Newsflash you failed @megynke…"
eng	negative	"RT @valzarya: Everyone go watch the #GOPDebate story on @Snapchat. Who needs @FoxNews when you have snaps?"
eng	negative	"RT @WarrenHolstein: The only doctor worse than Ben Carson is Bill Cosby. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	""Balderdash" is my favorite word that describes @realDonaldTrump's presidential campaign run. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I tried to watch the debate, but instead I watched 10 millionaires play Who Grew Up the Poorest?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @catie__warren: Tonight #DonaldTrump is everyone's drunk, kinda racist uncle who posts Jesus memes on Facebook. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Jeb needs a reality check that it was HIS brother who messed up Iraq. Don’t put Obama on that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyWonka: Somewhere in the world, an ISIS member is telling Jeb Bush, "YOU LIE!." We came into power because of your brother. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"Only in America could Trump be a serious contender to lead the country #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @freespeak3: Our media is such that a failed CEO who calls former FLOTUS/Senator/SOS a "liar" wins #GOPDebate sad https://t.co/KwnkTgKbm5"
eng	negative	"In the @politico caucus, Republican insiders call #Trump's first debate a 'disaster' #GOPDebate #Election2016 - http://t.co/UBW0tXlvwV"
eng	negative	"RT @CounselorAdrian: #BerkeleyBreathed came back to us just in time. Maybe Bill Watterson will as well... #GOPDebate http://t.co/KfC4F8OkYD"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #Chump/Trump He is an ignorant. Not Presidential. No class just money. Clearly money can't buy u class &amp; he skipped dignity too."
eng	negative	"RT @faithcouch: Ya'll  want to look into the criminal activity of planned parenthood and not the police force??? Ok #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm disappointed that #MegynKelly never bothered to ask if any of the candidates believed in this guy #GOPDebate http://t.co/touQqTdXzY"
eng	negative	"If this is where democracy has led us, maybe we should head back to the trees.  #Devolve #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @creynoldsnc: Definitely noticed. Definitely NOT appreciated. Definitely NOT acceptable. #GOPDebate #GOPTBT  https://t.co/1v4TvJLa6c"
eng	negative	"RT @elonjames: Did they just ask PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES IF GOD SENT THEM A MESSAGE? Did #TheDoctor drop by w/ his TARDIS as well? #GOPdeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @rodimusprime: Scott Walker brought up his Harley in his reason for why he should be president. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sarahkendzior: The new American exceptionalism: We suck and everyone is better than us #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The biggest disappointment from the #GOPDebate is that more time was spent talking about gay marriage than on improving the economy."
eng	negative	"RT @sduncan: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/rPqiu6uLvO"
eng	negative	"#asian Success Debunks Liberal #WhitePrivilege debate: http://t.co/wFcPvVP5L3  #GOPDebate  @RealJamesWoods @RealDLHughley @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @LaceyLuken: Sorry to get political but this makes me sick. #GOPDebate #trumpisanidiot #shameonhim #republicanfail https://t.co/N3aZL0wa…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate yes everyone had their ups and downs. But it was really no debate with 10 candidates. Not enough time to hear them individually"
eng	negative	"RT @theLadyGrantham: Who put Lord Grantham in charge of Donald Trump's finances? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So disappointed in the lack of respect from Fox News and their moderators towards all the candidates. #FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @vying4equality: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/HxHAHGlaYq #TrustHillary…"
eng	negative	"Embarrassed for @Fox News forway they conducted #GOPDebate . Giggles, snark &amp; fangs out for #realdonaldtrump . Blatent bias, unprofessional."
eng	negative	"RT @TheRecruitChair: Not going to vote for Trump, but I'll definitely let him guest write in my Burn Book #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @alilihay: I would also prefer that my uterus isn't registered with Washington #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @drskyskull: My summary of #GOPDebate candidates from last night: mouth-breathing, paste-eating poster children for the banality of evil."
eng	negative	"RT @FrankLuntz: I'm waiting for the day Donald Trump pulls off his face and is revealed to be a character performance by Andy Kaufman.  #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @stillwaters1029: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/gNDrtlFsNT"
eng	negative	"#TalkPoverty what have dems done for the poor in the last 60 years? Trapped them. It's time for #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The comb-over: for when your hair needs to be a perfect physical representation of denial.  #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @alison_rambles: For once @voxdotcom you're spot on about @realDonaldTrump.  #GOPDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE   http://t.co/ig0r1LaSko http://t…"
eng	negative	"#THEWORSTPARTOFDEPRESSIONIS U DO SELF HARM THINGS LIKE WATCH THE #GOPDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @rodeodance: @ScottWalker Dodges Media At State Fair, Hours Before First #GOPDebate http://t.co/k7xM1gYBSu #Walker16 #wiunion #wipolitic…"
eng	negative	"RT @PattiKimble: @GOP ha no respect for women Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"@marklevinshow NO! #RINO #McConnell #Jeb #GOPDebate #Rove #ChamberOfCommerce #MegynKelly @GrahamBlog SELL SOULS #tcot http://t.co/1IJlcmqlH8"
eng	negative	"RT @msnbc: .@realDonaldTrump says Fox News anchors were not "fair" to him: http://t.co/DGAv1xxbn0 #GOPDebate http://t.co/uQq5SQLBYI"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump late-night angry-tweets Megyn Kelly, and it is epic http://t.co/sOaYXrXPTl #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MarcGreen25: #Huckabee : "the purpose of the military is to kill people and break things", I thought military was for national security…"
eng	negative	"RT @msmallywelch: "This is the worst Miss America competition I have ever seen." -@thejoemoses #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Awkord is correct. What was that suppose to mean, "Talk to the hand"?    @Cameron_Gray @writingdownpat #FoxDebate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@AIIAmericanGirI Holy cow. #CarlyFiorina smoked Chris Matthews! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"hey, i feel am left out in the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"As lies go--Trump's hair was the smallest. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful http://t.co/H5XBIbvgST  #DonaldTrump  #GOPDebate http://t.co/F9Yh5LaFMu"
eng	negative	"RT @JBSass: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/ZKQDhTkQhS"
eng	negative	"#TheCrazyOnes RT @wmcinally: Have we completely thrown away the separation of church and state? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Last night's #GOPDebate: What topics merited attention/Which were ignored   #HillaryClinton #PDMFNB"
eng	negative	"Being a ignorant close minded stupid fuck is the prerequisite for joining #GOP  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Did last night really happen, or was it some kind of collective Twitter fever dream? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  Winners: Megyn Kelly, Carly Fiorina, and (hopefully) Hillary's and Bernie's Finance teams."
eng	negative	"What the candidates did wrong at the #GOPDebate @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker @JebBush @RandPaul http://t.co/EFp81Zsufp"
eng	negative	"Very obvious last night that @FoxNews wants Bush to win. Gave him softballs all night long. #NoCredibility #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JonScottFNC: Ever think you'd hear about pimps, prostitutes and drug dealers as taxpayers in a GOP debate? Mike Huckabee made it happen…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Can't help but think of Smith from the Matrix- they're multiplying!!"
eng	negative	"RT @sundapp: Looking forward to POTUS @realDonaldTrump whining &amp; trash talking on twttr after each Summit meeting he holds with world leade…"
eng	negative	"If you @megynkelly think that your question to @realDonaldTrump to begin #GOPDebate was FAIR &amp; BALANCED..... http://t.co/TKeadpd5mf"
eng	negative	"Unless I'm mistaken, @ScottWalker admitted that he would rather allow a woman to DIE than get an abortion in that first question? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RachelIGraber: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/MIXjeKCSa4"
eng	negative	"RT @HillaryforSC: #GOPDebate has shown Republicans have no answers for future--more interested in turning back the clock on progress #sctwe…"
eng	negative	"Good people of the U.S., how fucking dumb can you possibly be? #GOPDebate http://t.co/AD1lxazuGQ"
eng	negative	"RT @samswey: Does respecting life include black lives taken by police??? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"By smearing opponents of #WhiteGenocide as “Nazis” Libzis perverted the #MemoryOfTheHolocaust into a weapon to GUARANTEE genocide.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Reps r like minions, searching 4 the guy who acts the most evil 2 make their boss. @realDonaldTrump could learn from that movie."
eng	negative	"“@AmyMek: Status 👉 Single   I broke up with @FoxNews last night!   Goodbye @megynkelly &amp; Chris Wallace.  #GOPDebate http://t.co/YeoE8fZe8A”"
eng	negative	"Chewbacca should be up there just roaring every once in a while. Would fit right in. #GOPDebate http://t.co/5phvKdBKrS via @someecards"
eng	negative	"RT @metanoiajawbone: Another performance like that, and #CarlyFiorina will have political operatives of both sides digging in her backgroun…"
eng	negative	"RT @TruthTeamOne: If I understand his statement correctly, Mike Huckabee believes fertilized eggs should be able to vote. #GOPDebate #RWNJ"
eng	negative	"If you are a woman and you vote for Donald Trump, no. #GOPDebate #Fridaynewstoundup"
eng	negative	"Dems would NEVER agree to let FOX host a debate. Not bc of bias, but because they are in the business of NOT answering tough Q's #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@GMA Who won the #GOPDebate? The #DemocraticParty won last nights GOP debate."
eng	negative	"RT @LilaGraceRose: .@govmikehuckabee @scottwalker @governorchristie @johnkasich @JebBush Will you tell the truth about @PPact during tonigh…"
eng	negative	"@NorahODonnell , I honestly think you are so much better than the questions you asked Governor Kasich. @CBSThisMorning #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Disappointed #DonaldTrump supporters should stop whining about the questions--and tell Trump next time to actually prepare.…"
eng	negative	".@instagram and @facebook need to free the @Dreamdefenders acct. #KKKorGOP is a legitimate convo highlighting real concerns. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @goldengateblond: "It's only by the blood of Jesus Christ and cash from the Koch brothers that my sins are redeemed." -- Scott Walker, c…"
eng	negative	"Christie: "9/11 happened in my state." When we were running from the collapsing South Tower that day I had no idea we were in NJ. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @danitaharris: Trump says he doesn't have time for political correctness when questioned about his negative remarks about women! #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"@ChairmanL I watched the #GOPDebate debate. I know if you say something often enough, it must be true. Gerrymander gerrymander gerrymander."
eng	negative	"RT @nickgillespie: Sorry bitches, I'm going to @Penn and @mrteller on Broadway rather watch #GOPDebate http://t.co/g4aBpfAGzg"
eng	negative	"Gotta give @LindseyGrahamSC props. He saw the same ambush we did at #GOPDebate and is calling out @FoxNews on it.   http://t.co/qtNxztDJIs"
eng	negative	"Can't wait to see which Lannister they kill off in the next episode of #GOPDebate http://t.co/L6Wv7VkMk0 via @someecards"
eng	negative	"Watching that last night made me afraid of politicians--even more so Donald Trump. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate candidates honestly terrify me because if one is actually elected our country will be fucked."
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/v4wnjcy9Sw - #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Somewhere in the Whitehouse ~ #GOPDebate http://t.co/oYZWnVvPLv"
eng	negative	"John Gambling is right. #GOPDebate isn't a 'debate' it's a group interview controlled by the moderators who get the most time on stage."
eng	negative	"One youth notes that @FoxNews moderators feed questions to some of the candidates to fit their talking points #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ShaaaaaNaNa: what's the difference between the #GOPDebate moderators and Cookie Monster?   Cookie Monster doesn't have @KarlRove's arm …"
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/X9otKzlY5O - #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Are there ANY people of color in this #GOPDebate audience? I’m asking for a friend. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @lediva: WAIT YOU GUYS  WHAT IF #GOPDEBATE IS A CONSPIRACY TO GET ALL THE LIBERALS TO DRINK OURSELVES TO DEATH"
eng	negative	"RT @agerney: Those elusive words the #tenmen in the #GOPDebate pretty much forgot to say: "middle class." #GOPtbt http://t.co/0EzYv77WMD"
eng	negative	"Trump railed because if you lose the nominee, back the party. Can't the same be said for the general election? Back the country! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @k_mcq: Remind me again why we’re obligated to import Third World welfare cases who wreck our schools. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/x9RqvSil…"
eng	negative	"At #GOPDebate, others treated #Trump like I treat my cranky toddler: be nice, stay calm, and know he will find a new toy to play with soon."
eng	negative	"RT @drskyskull: One white woman killed by an illegal immigrant? THERE SHOULD BE A LAW? Black women die in police custody? "All Lives Matter…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Results: Fox Cancellations? https://t.co/X4QbVOgQWI"
eng	negative	"Trump's "evidence" of Mexico sending all the baddies is that he "talked to a Border Patrol agent" who confirmed it. #GOPDebate #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @GovtsTheProblem: I should never be able to tell from a debate who the moderators don't support. @FoxNews really blew that yesterday. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @heidimachen66: Has democracy ever been more for sale than w/ a GOP debate only accessible to those who pay for cable TV? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Bernie Sanders For President after watching that weak ass #GOPDebate last night, everybody in the @GOP is propaganda puppets"
eng	negative	"RT @melaninbarbie: I'm just looking at this debate like #GOPDebate #KKKorGOP http://t.co/GEAsg40bQD"
eng	negative	"RT @SunshineEmpire: Is it a coincidence that #Obamacare killed another -215,000 jobs the day after the #GOPDebate?"
eng	negative	"RT @dugovich: Look, my Dad was a poor piece of shit. So, you know, I get it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"FOXNews has one goal &amp; one goal only: profit.  The American tragedy is: one whole political Party is her guinea pig  @cdpiglet #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Marisol_Bello news anchor @marthamaccallum asked at millions of ppl who remain on assistance than get a job. #TalkPoverty #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @GiftedPrude: The facial expressions of #DonaldTrump could've been an entire segment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"And now for something completely different: GOP Primary Debate. I doubt Fox throws any heat at these clowns. #GOPDebate #uspoli"
eng	negative	"RT @rebeccawatson: Trump: I had the common sense to leave Atlantic City  Most of us have the common sense to never go there in the first pl…"
eng	negative	"RT @TimelordQueen42: Resemblance? #GOPDebate http://t.co/WamYDOUlqs"
eng	negative	"RT @agerney: Recap of the #GOPdebate: these #TenMen want to make choices for all women. #GOPtbt http://t.co/WzKTUUMiA5"
eng	negative	"....and the @FoxNews spin-man perpetuates the establishment narrative. #GOPDebate #KellyFailed #FrankLuntz   https://t.co/t5pIOkhD2Z"
eng	negative	"1st  #GOPDebate is done &amp; no debate - Harry Nilsson belongs in the @rock_hall so JUMP INTO THE FIRE https://t.co/i3vLAZaLEP @HarryInTheHall"
eng	negative	"@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Look, we have progressive liberal media outlets praising @megynkelly performance at the #GOPDebate Nuff said"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami  #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel How Deep R @POTUS SKELETONS?15YR SCAM @DeptVetAffairs MADE $M FOR 2007 PREES ADS http://t.co/Ijf80eooET"
eng	negative	"RT @JesseCox: I like that we live in a world where some people think Ted Cruz will ever be president. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @CapehartJ: When can we expect the Huckabee White Paper on the Pimp Tax? #askingforafriend #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Okay...all I really learned from the Republican debate is that that bell means absolutely nothing. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is having a meltdown after Megyn Kelly and Fox News cut him to pieces during the debate http://t.co/F7iVRIDmU9 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So the #USPrezdebate... I totally think Tanned Trump is a gaffe to all the presidential candidates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyWonka: Mike Huckabee: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things."   #GOPDebate   Everyone right now: http://…"
eng	negative	"RT @galderso: Huckabee says the military is for killing people and breaking things; reaffirms he is pro-life. Totally makes sense. #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"It's just hilarious watching the usual #GOP shills trying to undermine #Trump this morning. Ahahahahaha!  #GOPDebate  #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @TylerGroenendal: Donald Trump is like your dirty old alcholic uncle who somehow got elected mayor. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"You know it's bad when Trump comes out looking like a champ in this situation #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @_Holly_Renee: Jindal: if you wanna come here, do it legally, learn English, roll up your sleeves and get to work. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"😩RT @Rik_FIair: X___X RT @kvxrdashian: when you leave the Republican Party and become a Democrat. #GOPDebate http://t.co/d3wg0Dmyyb"
eng	negative	"RT @JeremyDBond: Now THIS is a divisive question. #GOPDebate #pronunciation https://t.co/GZzOcPgSYV"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeyBolts: "What are you going to do about the veterans?" "GOD LOVES US ALL"  "Thank you."  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @_HankRearden: Trump to Megyn Kelly: I don't have time for political correctness, and neither does this country. #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: Rand Paul is cornering the "smattering of applause" demographic. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful - http://t.co/TdLF7jC3Ig -#GOPDebate #DonaldTrump http://t.co/iu9iBu36zy"
eng	negative	"Just saw a limp balloon. Made me think of @realDonaldTrump after the #GOPDebate last night #DebatesAreHard #SadClown #YoureFired"
eng	negative	"@AlexanderSoros As if it wasn't obvious, last night's #GOPDebate sealed the deal. @HillaryClinton is amazing. They were a shande 4 democracy"
eng	negative	"RT @ChipChantry: Straight Outta Compton commercial during #GOPDebate. Fox News viewers across the country call police on their TVs."
eng	negative	"AWWWWW... poor Donald RT @Oregonian: Trump on #GOPdebate: "The questions to me were not nice." http://t.co/Npznjv5StI http://t.co/MdQP4oWhdo"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly Well if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black, I don't know what is. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"All of the candidates are an absolute disaster for abortion rights. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"“@kharyp: NRA-Backed Bill Enables People With Severe Mental Illness to Buy Guns http://t.co/psFpCH5WNH #GunSense #GOPDebate Holy Crap !!!"
eng	negative	"Republicans &amp; Facts go together like opposing poles on a magnet. #GOPDebate #GOPTBT #GOPClownCar #NoMoreBushes #DumpTrump #GOPshutdown"
eng	negative	"RT @Tess_Harkin: No, #DonaldTrump, YOU'RE stupid. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@willneal001 Definitely #bias there! #GOPDebate Massacre by FOX. Deliberate attempt to smear R's."
eng	negative	"Our problem is not being too "politically correct," @GOP. It's that too many Americans are anti-intellectual and ignorant. #GOPDebate #USA"
eng	negative	".@ArthurA_P @raemd95 FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"Protip: Don't watch #GOPDebate and drink. Never. Again. (I don't remember how I got to bed.)"
eng	negative	"@Varneyco @realDonaldTrump Confrontative. As a conservative i don't feel represented by him. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The closed captioning for the #GOPDebate was the best part http://t.co/D0ndRMOa91 http://t.co/8JZ2U7VT5O"
eng	negative	"The award for most disingenuous statement in last night's #GOPDebate goes to @JebBush for his #CommonCore doubletalk: http://t.co/76tpcVSjwD"
eng	negative	"I can't stand hearing politicians evade questions and use the question asked to, instead, give their spiel. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly successfully made the #gopdebate about @realDonaldTrump It was not her intention she wanted to destroy but it backfired #news"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews didn't ask Rubio about gang of ocho and i didn't hear anything but talking points from Marco.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate was the most watched primary debate in history. 99% of viewers say they were there for the drinking game. http://t.co/UbV8Z4M5q8"
eng	negative	"RT @ziggylasvegas: Not only that but everything they have said about the ACA has been a total distortion.#GOPDebate  https://t.co/p8Q3ukMeZ2"
eng	negative	"RT @gaelicartguy: The spectacle of a VERY thin-skinned petulant misogynist bully took center stage at #GOPDebate. Trumpet Man reveals a lit…"
eng	negative	"RT @jdekz: Someone really needs to convert last night's #GOPDebate into a play. Esp good for a boy's school:  10 Angry Men? http://t.co/sQe…"
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful http://t.co/P4LNTSUxKl  #DonaldTrump  #GOPDebate http://t.co/uArUD3Sk0F"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump Whine, whine, whine, boo-hoo I got hard questions 😩#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @StephHerold: Sitting in my local laundromat listening to people talk about #GOPdebate. One grandma says, "This country is backwards wit…"
eng	negative	"RT @ChristIsRisen7: @paulbenedict7 Yes that was ridiculous for @FoxNews to do that. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@SenTedCruz spot on with #ISIS I wish #Obama understood the terrorist threat as well as you do. #RedNationRising #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"GOP Debate News - Trump Shocks GOP Faithful http://t.co/T0k3oOKwM0  #DonaldTrump  #GOPDebate http://t.co/yPSx9rOv1q"
eng	negative	"RT @Brizzandonn: "let's pay teachers less while somehow making them teach better." - jeb bush #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @brucepknight: Republican Candidates Avoid #ClimateChange in First Debate http://t.co/2jRU5JnUJS #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm sorry for all the #GOPDebate tweets but I'm just so dam pissed off."
eng	negative	"RT @TheRealSpaf: “@Smethanie: Sure, God told me I should run, and the Tooth Fairy agreed and all the Teletubbies voted yes, so here I am. #…"
eng	negative	"In the #GOPDebate, #walker16 bragged about defunding @PPact. He didn't tell you how many abortions that that action is responsible for."
eng	negative	"The cheers from #GOPDebate  audience afterTrump defiantly named @Rosie as the woman he called "Fat Pig" were the voices of GOP constituents"
eng	negative	"WE NEED BRAIN. https://t.co/U77g7OpuKY #trumpisms #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A master class on how to get away with sexism, courtesy of @realDonaldTrump - http://t.co/ot8eTXtUjc via @voxdotcom #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Can anyone point to one substantive answer given by @realDonaldTrump last night? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Garrison_JA: Trump's platform is essentially "Everyone is a moron." Winning the primary might prove his point. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Babies are just products... sick #DefundPP #GOPDebate #JonVoyage #Compton #DragMeDownMusicVideo #PUSO2019 #BB17 #MUFC http://t.co/MNhkEPpMo9"
eng	negative	"RT @PhilHands: Is Rand Paul jealous of @realDonaldTrump  #livetoon #GOPDebate #FoxDebate http://t.co/gWNBoQ9ZJ4"
eng	negative	"Some of the funniest reactions to #GOPdebate http://t.co/bhgMKw8qSc via @someecards"
eng	negative	"RT @faseidl: Let's just admit it: #Trump is the best showman and that's what it takes to "win" a show like the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Saddest part of #GOPDebate wasn't what @realDonaldTrump said, it was the large segment of the crowd whooping it up over what he said."
eng	negative	"Who gives a damn?.... For Christ's sake. Toughen up buttercup! So sick of politically correct bull chyt ! #GOPDebate https://t.co/ASQuafnuBu"
eng	negative	"@CNN No, but I watched a couple of kids argue over who had a better birthday at work. I figure the #GOPDebate went a similar way."
eng	negative	"Last night's #GOPDebate felt like a Stefon sketch. "New York's hottest nightclub is 'In Florida They Call Me Jeb...'" http://t.co/9fT0FpRk5T"
eng	negative	"#JebBush living proof that $ and privilege doesn't guarantee you victory. #FoxNews put ball on the tee yet he failed to hit ball #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate what a bunch of uncivil human beings spewing vile with lack of respect for each other. And we want one of them to be our leader?"
eng	negative	""#Diversity" is a code word for White genocide. #WhiteGenocide #RSR15 #GOPDebate #cuckservative #tcot http://t.co/NSmUx1vsWi"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker cut his answers short last night, finishing before the allotted time.   Marquette U: "We've seen this before."  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @reneelegendre: Just got sent this #GOPDebate screenshot from my sister. I mean, COME ON! #golfcoursesarenotcredentials http://t.co/c3Nt…"
eng	negative	"Actually, I don't. #GOPDebate sucked, but last time I checked u weren't hurting for $$ https://t.co/WxSm51AFti"
eng	negative	"What evidence do you have @realDonaldTrump ? I'll ask again, what evidence do you have? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate really captured the schism b/t Fox News' very professional production design team &amp; intellectual dimwit (but entertaining) hosts."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate a display of people who are proud to be ignorant"
eng	negative	"RT @surfinwav: Donald Trump summarized in a few words: "I'm perfect, everything I say is perfect, even my disgusting insults aimed at women…"
eng	negative	"RT @Kahuna_2010: Only thing not heard last night was   “JERRY! JERRY! JERRY! JERRY! JERRY! JERRY! JERRY! JERRY!” #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@CNBC- If u don't bother to mention all the misrepresentations of #FACTS in the #GOPDebate, why trust ur summary of Financials? @Comcast"
eng	negative	"RT @g_babytweetz: I watched the #GOPDebate and #DonaldTrump is a piece of shit"
eng	negative	"RT @DadusAmericanis: @FoxNews   Won't bother.  We saw your true colors...  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @justiceonly: @FoxNews #GOPDebate These Megan Kelly tweets say it all https://t.co/CVkZqinxu1 https://t.co/kIHafYCsS7 GOP setup to fail …"
eng	negative	"Any changes/benefits/incentives/breaks from the gov't  for parents who choose to #homeschool? There should be... #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"To all the media trust an Nyc steeet kid Trump is playing you @DLoesch  #GOPDebate @seanhannity"
eng	negative	"Money going out, drugs coming in. Maybe make the drugs legal and tax em bro? @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I pick Trump. Most likely to start a war with a county because of a personal insult. #realdonaldtrump #GOPDebate #draftdeferment"
eng	negative	"Kasich waffled on marriage equality. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A Foxy, Rowdy Republican Debate #GOPDebate Questions too long &amp; loaded. Debate between candidates was more informing. http://t.co/rRqNTAAK3X"
eng	negative	"But, but, but did you see who @realDonaldTrump donated to?  Hey Pot, have you met Kettle?  @FoxNews  #GOPDebate http://t.co/DeLeaAsXH6"
eng	negative	"@MilitantJD @megynkelly @FoxNews  She's not doing it for me anymore with all the negative setups to her questions. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Jesus thinks you're a jerk, #FuckfaceVonClownstick. http://t.co/4KfJGznyMX #indiebook #GOPDebate #FridayReads"
eng	negative	"Bell on the #GOPDebate @FoxNews last night -  just like my doorbell and made my dogs go nuts.  Watching @Gavin_McInnes now.  Repeat. #TGMS"
eng	negative	"@KimKardashian Really? The woman who supports the same people who would have your (dad?) hung in the streets #GOPDebate  #everylifematters"
eng	negative	"RT @DerrickClifton: I really hope white, hetero, cisgender men who *get* marginalized groups will do the work of dismantling tonight's igno…"
eng	negative	"Why does the media call Carly Fiorina the only female GOP candidate? Do the Democrats have more than one? Or anyone not white? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Brian_Hough7: Literally can't tell if the #GOPDebate is SNL or not...."
eng	negative	"Lots calling Trump the big loser last night. He was a goof, for sure. But did anyone do anything to shake up his numbers? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Watching @megynkelly ask Trump about the sexist stuff again and that couldn't have been easy. While the crowd roars its misogyny. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @dick_nixon: I wouldn't want Carson to operate on me. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PhoenixWomanMN: Mitt was Edward Everett compared to #DeerInTheHeadlightsJeb .  #Jeb #FoxDebate #GOPDebate  https://t.co/ot0UReKL43"
eng	negative	"RT @WillisShepherd: #GOPDebate    Hey Megan Kelly... Your little snarky "any word from God?" question wasn't all that cute or clever ..."
eng	negative	"Mr Trump's questions were NO tougher than anyone else's. When you get center stage you gotta be able to take the heat. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NewJusticeDept: The #GOPDebate: 10 (7 are white) men talking about "making America great again."   What part of history we going back t…"
eng	negative	"RT @Thug_Violence: During the #GOPDebate, a #cuckservative arose from the ashes to cuck America for the marxist left once again... http://t…"
eng	negative	"The facial expressions of #DonaldTrump could've been an entire segment. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Liberals care more about Rosie O'Donnell than actually watchin the whole #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JonathanJewel: GOP are going crazy over Carly Fiorina  That's not surprising  GOP loves people who knows how to crash an economy    #GO…"
eng	negative	"the #GOPDebate made it clear that they are pro-birth, not pro-life"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump Our country is a mess and all these "mods" do is attack with personal hate. Makes me sad to be an American.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump @megynkelly is a bimbo because? #GOPDebate media bias!"
eng	negative	"RT @PhoenixWomanMN: @LanceMannion No. He lied like a rug, but at least he lied coherently.  #Jeb can't even do that, it turns into word sal…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate is a horrible tag. I know I'm not going to vote for any of the candidates but that fact that white America is ok with them..."
eng	negative	"RT @Todd_Spencer: Chrissy 'Tingles' Matthews gets his ass handed to him by Carly Fiorina. 😄😄😄 http://t.co/h5P56Xx2rG #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate pre R vs W visited friends in hospital after home abortions young pale rendered infertile will not forget https://t.co/F5nOFfa8uy"
eng	negative	"RT @jfradioshow: I wonder if @ChrisChristie wanted cheese with his w(h)ine. He just whined all night long like a big fat baby-@curtisellis …"
eng	negative	"Wow apparently Trump got even more whiny and defensive after the debate. No class. Big mouth. Yeah, great presidential material. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Other than question to Walker, nothing on race, criminal justice either. Guess Fox and GOP know their white audience doesn't care #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FloggerMiester we get it if @realDonaldTrump wants to be honest, but no one wants an arrogant and unethical president #nohate #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Mr.Trump, you've called women fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals..." "Only Rosie O'Donnell." *laughter, applause* #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Howard Kurtz bragged abt how liberals sch as HuffPo complimented FOX. LOL He thinks we r happy abt that. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/bj8s48rK6B"
eng	negative	"RT @SouthernHomo: Mike Huckabee seems like one of those guys who would get caught with a twink in an airport bathroom #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deray: Someone, go give Ben Carson a pep talk. He seems defeated. I mean, he won't ever win. But he just sounds sad now. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TheTJHelm: Memo to @marcorubio - The Constitution of the United States protects a woman's right to choose. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Keening_Product: In a country of runaway #capitalism and money worship, #Trump's popularity is not surprising. #Lateline #GOPDebate #US…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Failure: https://t.co/oamvKfFO5q"
eng	negative	"“Radical Islamic terrorism…” Really Cruz? I cannot. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"No talk about wealth disparity in the #GOPDebate last night. Just more tax breaks for the rich... http://t.co/nmqGeYup4x"
eng	negative	"What ought to depress every patriotic American: The men on stage at the #GOPDebate were the best candidates billionaires could buy. #p2"
eng	negative	".@iamrobineublind FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"RT @ckimbro927: Paul brilliantly got Christie to admit that he would violate the 4th Amendment. Of course, no one in that building cares. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @scottjohnson: Is there a stinger after the credits? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MrPeytonReed: Ted Cruz looks like the poor actor in prosthetics who replaced Crispin Glover in BACK TO THE FUTURE PART 2. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tmobrien: We aren't letting people outside of the U.S. see this, right? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ColorOfChange: Let's be clear. The "nerve" that Donald Trump is hitting is white supremacy. #GOPDebate  #TrumpHate"
eng	negative	"If Donald Trump wins the election, then we'll know we're on the Biff-stole-the-almanac timeline. #GOPDebate http://t.co/6f7jEbMo9k"
eng	negative	"If you thought COPD was bad, I woke up this morning with a bad case of GOPD! Hope the XLax kicks in soon! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyBowers: Chris "9/11" Christie only 9/11 mentions 9/11 every  9/11 other  9/11 minute NOT for political 9/11 reasons.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@CrystalPrebola she made a fool out of herself. @megynkelly lost a lot of respect from many #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Of note - Hillary will launch her student loan reform package on Monday. Something the #GOP didn't discuss during #GOPDebate but resonates."
eng	negative	"RT @P0TUS: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN;   BOYS AND GIRLS OF ALL AGES;  YOUR 2015 #GOPDebate !!! http://t.co/6r6olwtQtS"
eng	negative	"Trump's platform is essentially "Everyone is a moron." Winning the primary might prove his point. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My personal view on this guy!  #GOPDebate #sorrynotsorry @FoxNews http://t.co/1alj9CpiCg"
eng	negative	"RT @liars_never_win: Please ask the Democrats about God during their debates so the audience can boo @FoxNews  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If you ignore the #propaganda you would know that 6million more people are in #poverty under #Obama #GOPDebate #tcot https://t.co/TEVcpjqeIA"
eng	negative	"RT @kevinrfree: Please stop talking about Ronald Reagan they way Ronald Reagan talked about Abraham Lincoln. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How can ANYONE stop ISIS in 90 days? That’s a setup question. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@speakthequiet @EmbraceTheCoda Carson polling 2nd disproves #conservative #racism despite yrs of calling the PRESIDENT the n word #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Since I went to get my hair done last night, I had to miss the new Comedy show, err I mean the #GOPDebate...so, how was it?"
eng	negative	"RT @Shakestweetz: Here is your regular reminder that the Republican Party values fetuses more highly than the people who carry them. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @zellieimani: #BlackLivesMatter got 15 and back to talking about Iran. ISIS hasn't killed 685+ Americans.  The police have. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Entertainment  at its finest.  Can't  help but wonder how #educated  #Americans are reacting  to #GOPDebate or the lack thereof."
eng	negative	".@Citiz4Solutions @GrahamBlog @HillaryClinton Solutions should be based on the science or they are not solutions #GOPDebate #CRESEnergy"
eng	negative	"Republican debate, newspaper front pages:   #FoxNewsDebate #GOPdebate #GOP http://t.co/hBnSjAncgp"
eng	negative	"#Huckabee : "the purpose of the military is to kill people and break things", I thought military was for national security? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"GOP are going crazy over Carly Fiorina  That's not surprising  GOP loves people who knows how to crash an economy    #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump's narcissism got in the way of the outrage that #GOP voters have found appealing http://t.co/BQRoLmrwre #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @maureenjohnson: This is what you get after a bunch of Facebook comments are bitten by a radioactive spider. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @tarynoneill: THERE WAS NOT ONE QUESTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE OR THE ENVIRONMENT. #thatiswhytheGOPwilllose #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate "When the guy from Hillbillyville Kentucky @RandPaulSenate pointed at the fat guy @ChrisChistie for huggin' the Black guy." LOL !"
eng	negative	"I used to admire @RealJamesWoods back when he was an actor. As a politician he’s just a white privileged asshole. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @etammykim: .@allDigitocracy There was SO little #talkpoverty in the #GOPDebate. The closest we got was Kasich defending OH's Medicaid e…"
eng	negative	"If you're looking to "sift through the bulls***," as Jon Stewart put it so well: http://t.co/GALOIw0dvy #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  Until men stop trying to control women's bodies with laws it will be hard to teach that "no means no" in a meaningful way."
eng	negative	"#MikeHuckabee has a really good career prospect as an open mic comedian #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The answer to the most important question of the #GOPDebate is yes, Joe Flacco is, in fact, an elite quarterback. #RavensNation"
eng	negative	"RT @Rosie_Brush: The way @FoxNews handled the debates last night, @jerryspringer would have been more fair w/airtime &amp; appropriate #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"@johnb631 #HappyFriday JB! That was fun watching #GOPDebate 😎 Hope we pick a good one &amp; Trump doesn't run 3rd party😁"
eng	negative	"Demagogues, megalomaniacs and Machiavellian are words that kept coming to mind watching #GOPDebate @Wooflepup"
eng	negative	"Maybe my definition of winning a debate is different than most but Trump not answering questions or providing credible answers??  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hmm. Who new @ChrisChristie's father was the first person ever to graduate from college? #GOPdebate "In my family" missing?"
eng	negative	"After watching the #GOPDebate, you might as well hand the election to the #Democrat party."
eng	negative	"Blaming @megynkelly for your misogynistic attitudes is absolutely ridiculous. You proved again that you are ridiculous. #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pramukta: “Anyone who campaigns for public office becomes disqualified for holding any office at all.” ― Thomas More, Utopia #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"If @realDonaldTrump can't take questions based on his history from @megynkelly w/o going off, his inability to take heat=problem. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @crazylary51: #FoxDebate #GOPDebate  #Republicans THE U.S AXIS OF EVIL THAT IS #FOXNEWS http://t.co/PhvvbB7CFC”"
eng	negative	"RT @mike_hollan: Wow, Megan Kelly is bombing at a debate. All she has to do is ask questions and she can't handle it. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @QuillGroupEC: This is ridiculous. Megan Kelly thinks this show is about her. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"So were some of the biggest positive audience responses at #GOPDebate to rhetoric about actively killing people &amp;/or letting women die ?"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate , no one was looking real smart but bunch of..still some of 'em showed up wth good spirits &amp; smartness but Donald.👉🏾Donald 👎🏾👎🏾😂😂"
eng	negative	"Slightly disappointed @Brazzers didn't bring the 🔥🔥 for the #GOPDebate so many opportunities for puns..."
eng	negative	"Not a single question about #LennyKravitz 's penis last night? #GOPDebate #trump"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkOdum: after @foxnews #Gopdebate @megynkelly made it a mockery last night i look forward to #internationalbeerday"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly you really were awful last night. Hope no one lets you host again just awful ugh and you were awkward.. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Winners yesterday: Carly, Ben Carson, Marco Rubio, and, sadly, big gov't Mike Huckabee. Can Carly knock Christie off the stage?"
eng	negative	"RT @aebrennen: Any candidate that rejects Common Core without a legitimate and thoughtful alternative should NOT be taken seriously. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Guys, thanks for not unfollowing me in masses after last night #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @kumailn: Guys! We've cured racism! I didn't realize until just now! Congrats all! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@sdblanke Bush Cheney raped, plundered, pillaged the whole WORLD b4 they left office. Obama killed one REALLY BAD GUY + is black. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"You can't accuse the #GOPDebate of being bigoted because they had a token woman &amp; both a token black &amp; Hispanic."
eng	negative	"After watching the #GOPDebate.../ Garbage  Opression Prejudice  debate..… https://t.co/LqdSrbJML4"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump pretty much eliminates the need for political satire. The man's a walking @TheOnion article. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I'm noticing that NONE of the republicans can give a straight answer. #GOPDebate #GOPClownCar"
eng	negative	"#TedCruz Let's get rid of every executive action ever and get rid of everything I don't believe in despite of popular belief #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"“I’ve been very nice to you,” Trump told Kelly, “although I could probably maybe not be.” #GOPDebate http://t.co/1bCQcmLFry"
eng	negative	"RT @samswey: The police divide us by policing black communities in a more violent way, giving us different realities re: police violence. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnGGalt: I'm ready to fire all politicians! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Summer has been fun and I'm not quite sure of how I feel about the fact that it is AUGUST. The politics and the #GOPDebate  makes it worse󾌠󾌧"
eng	negative	"RT @HYRedmond: #GOPDebate waited for candidate to jump in after #rosie comment to say NO ONE should speak about women like that. Would have…"
eng	negative	"Summer has been fun and I'm not quite sure of how I feel about the fact that it is AUGUST. The politics and the #GOPDebate  makes it worse😠😍"
eng	negative	"Common refrain at #GOPDebate? Blame political correctness for unpopularity of GOP positions -- vs, I dunno, UNPOPULARITY OF THOSE POSITIONS!"
eng	negative	".@CorrectRecord @HillaryClinton  FOX/GOP Party Hunger Games-Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	"There were quite a few Social liberals on last night’s #GOPDebate stage …jus saying @Varneyco"
eng	negative	"You have no clue what silent majority is thinking.Your mindset comes frm 2% of pop. You're out of touch. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/mNVfxqEvMk"
eng	negative	"RT @ancapkatie: Rand don't call yourself a Reagan conservative let's just remember how many times he raised taxes #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@BillOReilyTV @FoxNews : Bill detests Jeb, and he shows it on his program. Not fair.#GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Lost a lot of respect for @FoxNews @megynkelly &amp; @BretBaier for their treatment of @realDonaldTrump during the #GOPDebate #notfairorbalanced"
eng	negative	"Right! Do u think survivors of the FOX Massacre Debate realize that? #GOPDebate #FoxDebate  https://t.co/DtVsB531LT"
eng	negative	"This is so f*%king entertaining it should be ILLEGAL! #GOPDebate http://t.co/9johDuI7M9 via @theblaze"
eng	negative	"Misogyny is ugly. It's even uglier when it's cheered and unchecked. #GOPDebate #OMGOP #RetrumplicanParty #UniteBlue http://t.co/trr03fXFZG"
eng	negative	"Is "I know someone who decided against abortion" the new "I have black friends"? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"When the candidates start talking about their upbringing and "roots", it always reminds me of this. #GOPdebate  https://t.co/mr38neHaHk"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  looked like fun. Though I think I missed the swimsuit and talent contest rounds. #EveryoneLovesAPrincess http://t.co/oT7dafq8hi"
eng	negative	"@FOX2News Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"Martha MacCallum gets credit for asking whether Christians have a religious liberty double-standard for Muslims #GOPDebate #toughquestions"
eng	negative	"Ronald Raven is a character created by the GOP to influence children. His sidekick is Klu Klux Klam. #GOPDebate #RickPerry"
eng	negative	"Unlike @DNCWomen republicans won't vote based solely on gender. Unreal how articulate @CarlyFiorina is compared to @WhiteHouse #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Nothing about the #GOPDebate really matters. If the world is going to be a better place, we need a total sea change in the human condition"
eng	negative	"RT @sussantweets: #huckabee "The purpose of military is to kill people and break things!" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@Dreamdefenders and other black activist censored on @instagram after #gopdebate http://t.co/m6aFfsKJmC"
eng	negative	"RT @larajakesFP: Jeb Bush says the key to defeating ISIS is voting down the #IranDeal? Iran is fighting ISIS. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Repealing Dodd-Frank is not wise. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebate basically taught us that we don't need to address climate change because god will bless us with a forever clean planet."
eng	negative	"I borrowed this from someone else but it is so true. At least he was good for a few laughs. #GOPDebate #Trump http://t.co/JXjn0MJqBy"
eng	negative	"Just watched a clip of @hardball_chris trying to bully @CarlyFiorina. got his rear handed to him. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ironic that 2 💪🏼strongest candidates  attacked🔪 silenced🔇  by @FoxNews (⇒now MSM)  #Cruz2016🇺🇸 #CruzCrew🚀 #GOPDebate😑 http://t.co/wHnKOKBwLH"
eng	negative	"RT @KeeganNYC: SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Drinking every time a #GOPDebate candidate says something stupid will kill you. Seriously: http:/…"
eng	negative	"If you are still recovering from the #GOPDebate "Caddyshack" is on AMC as a proportionate response to that plutocratic bologna."
eng	negative	".@comcast I couldn't even live tweet the #GOPDebate because your internet is so slow. And the world was lesser for that @comcastcares #fail"
eng	negative	"RT @AmiraMitch: They were a mess!!! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/93SdCTvcQ9"
eng	negative	"RT @Catronicus: Trump's Obamacare response was so dumb that it defies imagination #GOPDebate #DumpTrump"
eng	negative	"7. What candidates did a better job of talking about issues related to poverty during last night’s #GOPDebate #TalkPoverty @Marisol_Bello"
eng	negative	".@TPM Huckabee's right, which is why he can't be CinC. His site has MLK praying with Jefferson and Lincoln. No car keys for him! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sweetgreatmom: @ABC Comedians won.   America lost.  #GOPDebate was failure of political process.  #BlackLivesMatter is not on their age…"
eng	negative	".@PPact uses @Genius to strike back at Gov. Walker’s #GOPDebate remarks.  http://t.co/0XuNYHIcFj http://t.co/6rYm6W4V1E"
eng	negative	"So who is the most psychotic of Huckabee, Cruz, and Walker?  My pick is probably Cruz, given his Day 1 Goals for the Presidency.  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Who wants to watch a debate where they are spoon fed little baby questions? Not me #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate   The only person who did worse than Kasich last night was Megyn Kelly…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate proves the GOP has an impressive pile of shit for voters. @OnPointRadio @McCormackJohn"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomTexasMom: @IraHayes @megynkelly We saw thru her at #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rand's performance looks even worse when contrasted with his dad who used to stay calm and used substance in debates not bombast. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"The fact that people are saying @realDonaldTrump "won" the first "#GOPDebate" speaks volumes for the GOP's chances in 2016."
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebate, are #GOP candidates #deluded or simply #idiots with zero understanding of international... http://t.co/0p808Jghri"
eng	negative	"RT @JoePrich: .@megynkelly remember when you complained abt @CandyCrowley doing the EXACTLY what you did tonight? #GOPDebate http://t.co/tX…"
eng	negative	"RT @AmyMek: How many Rhino's did @FoxNews pack this audience with!? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Jon Stewart America needs you! SMH at #GOPDebate. I guess the only logical thing to do was to attack a Democrat. Way to go Republicans."
eng	negative	"“@Smethanie: Sure, God told me I should run, and the Tooth Fairy agreed and all the Teletubbies voted yes, so here I am. #GOPDebate”"
eng	negative	"RT @AJCGetSchooled: So what happened to education in last night's debate? It hardly came up http://t.co/15srsWwUeE #edchat #GOPDebate #GaSc…"
eng	negative	"They were a mess!!! #GOPDebate  https://t.co/93SdCTvcQ9"
eng	negative	"RT @redostoneage: #GOPdebate; Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton Leads By Example: Pays Women Less Than Men http://t.co/PDJp3Qe4CU"
eng	negative	"Has anyone noticed that Trump zealots are like the old Ron #PaulBots? #GOPDebate.  They were very skilled at stacking polls too."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @megynkelly @BretBaier @ChrisWallace101 The questions were very good. The delivery was not as professional as it should have been"
eng	negative	"#WhyWeAreALaughingstock. "@GKMTNtwits: NEW STATEMENT on #GOPDEBATE: It's not a debate, it's an embarrassment:  @CorrectRecord #TruthMatter""
eng	negative	"Trump responds to @megynkelly question on misogyny with more misogyny #GOPDebate http://t.co/Pb5cgmO3V5 http://t.co/8PFdgltNAW"
eng	negative	"A Foxy, Rowdy Republican Debate. #GOPdebate @megynkelly really disappointed me. Biased much? http://t.co/rRqNTAAK3X"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #JebBush wants hopeful optimistic message. Like war with Iran, attacking Social Security, #WarOnWomen tactics, voter suppression"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate well, if #Trump wins, most latino voters will vote democrat for a while, won't they?"
eng	negative	"Thank goodness for old quips, platitudes, slogans, and Obamacare in  #GOPDebate.  Without those, many questions would have had NO answers."
eng	negative	"More #KellyFailed @marklevinshow  #GOPDebate  https://t.co/NHVRaKPt8T"
eng	negative	"RT @julsmarietells: Conveniently, no candidate received a word from God that as President they should look after the poor, sick, &amp; disenfra…"
eng	negative	"RT @notlindsayyy: Republicans respect the rights of unborn fetuses more than they respect the rights of living women and it's disgusting #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @missumuggins: #GOPDebate   HEY ALL OF YOU ON THAT STAGE.. THEY HAVE NAMES   #AmirHekmati   #SaeedAbedini   #JasonRezaian   #RobertLevin…"
eng	negative	"RT @RevChuckCurrie: #DonaldTrump retweeted comment calling @megynkelly a "bimbo" last night. This is a man who hates women. The @GOP front …"
eng	negative	"If you can't put Donald Trump in his place you don't deserve to be POTUS @GOP #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @0IIIIIII0_GIRL: My take away from the #GOPDebate is that it could have been better, much better. Time for @tedcruz and @RealBenCarson w…"
eng	negative	"RT @writersrepublic: This is the worst stage play I've ever seen. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@lindacohn why doesn't he belong? People like the other 9 puppets have been running this country into the ground for years. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@CNN Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @HydeBlizzardbox: The Baxter Bean @TheBaxterBean 19h19 hours ago "If guns don't kill people why are they strickly forbidden anywhere nea…"
eng	negative	"RT @aduanebrown: @MegynKelly, "You failed the American people tonight. You tried to make history, by destroying @realDonaldTrump." #KellyFa…"
eng	negative	"Don't be mad at the moderators if your candidate can't handle a tough question. Maybe you should reconsider. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @TylerGroenendal: I wonder if fifty years from now, Republicans will still blindly cite Reagan to justify everything they do. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @elisabetherapy: #Trump's tongue is as loose as a prostitute's vagina #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"how can republicans still be republicans after watching the #GOPDebate ? tbh I'd run as far away from that party as possible"
eng	negative	"Boy, it'll be so awesome when President Trump calls Angel Merkel a "bimbo". He's so cool. #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"Kijivu, a gorilla in the Prague Zoo, reacts to primate aggression displays at the #GOPDebate in the U.S. #tcot http://t.co/SMMTaq0KjG"
eng	negative	"RT @BachmannsBrain: Wow, I forgot Chris Christie was even there. The smell of desperation, flop sweat, and salami would have tipped me off.…"
eng	negative	"So @realDonaldTrump is crying because @megynkelly was mean to him? What a bunch of clowns #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump is anti-fragile  #gopdebate  #Trump #trumpdebate"
eng	negative	"So last night, #JonVoyage full of honesty and clarity #GOPDebate full of jokes"
eng	negative	"Haven't watched #GOPDebate yet cause I was busy Persian-ing, but I'm kind of scared to anyway"
eng	negative	"RT @ChuckNellis: If @JEBBush is a Conservative I am Attila the Hun &amp; I'm NOT! #GOPDebate #Hannity"
eng	negative	"@sternnschool Who's the real illegal alien #GOPDebate - Farrakhan on Immigration &amp; the Mexican Bor... https://t.co/lkLfFN2LFy via @YouTube"
eng	negative	"RT @AnthonyCumia: Chris Christie wants to "collect more records from terrorists". May I suggest? #GOPDebate http://t.co/XtD2pmYfcF"
eng	negative	"RT @dick_nixon: Rand Paul has the manner of the fellow who turns up to every town meeting and has to be led away from the podium by the she…"
eng	negative	"RT @princessomuch: #ScottWalker: "yes Megyn, I believe in killing mothers; I'd kill my own mother to get elected."  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Donald says no1 thought abt immigration reform until he came along. It's true. We are all trying to figure out how to deport him #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"And what a big mistake it was for Wallace to question @realDonaldTrump's business tactics. Never question Trump on business #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Have we completely thrown away the separation of church and state? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	".@littleredblog @graceslick77 FOX/GOP Party's Hunger Games- Demagog Food-fighter @CarlyFiorina #GOPDebate #morningjoe http://t.co/ygMGbAvqut"
eng	negative	""Who the fuck is John Kasich?" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @mKheywood: Kaisch tanked. At one point he was justifying his government expansion in Ohio. Sounds Union-ish #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Blah...I have a hangover from that "debate" last night. God forbid any of those fools win the White House or we'll all overdose. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul looked woefully underprepared. He just came armed with some zingers and an attitude, but couldn't respond to comebacks. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"My jaw is still on the floor at Mike Huckabees comment about the military existing to kill people and break things. What?? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"What i or any other sane person thinks of the of 1st #GOPDebate doesn't matter. It's the soulless pittiful assholes who vote in #GOP Primary"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Understatement ...  Boycott FoxNews except Sean Hannity https://t.co/LBT61ilRXx"
eng	negative	"I wonder if Ronald Reagan's ghost could feel the #GOPDebate candidates sucking his dick."
eng	negative	"RT @sarahupstairs: You hate the concept of abortion? Great! Let's provide contraception and healthcare and education. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Trump showed he didn't belong but did GOP a favor. Better ratings &amp; he brought out personalities and ideas of other candidates. #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"#Bernie Sanders on #GOPDebate: What About Women? http://t.co/IdT6J3lbJ1 #FeelTheBern"
eng	negative	"RT @layla07122: Because we need a leader in the White House NOT a community organizer 😡👎 #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A Foxy, Rowdy Republican Debate. At least @RealBenCarson could understand it &amp; get best advise available. #GOPDebate http://t.co/rRqNTAAK3X"
eng	negative	"Still deciding if the huge audience for the #GOPDebate was real interest or the car wreck theory?"
eng	negative	"Why are #Democrats so scared to have a debate? Don't want Hillary answering questions abt criminality of server?  #GOPDebate Oct is 1st one."
eng	negative	"There were so many republicans talking out their asses, they needed Ricolas for suppositories. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @deedeececil: @CharlesMBlow It's a repeat of 2012. The GOP audiences are more disturbing to me than the candidates. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Winners and Losers in last nights #GOPDebate   Winner :  @marthamaccallum  Loser   :  @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"RT @mrjamesmack: In the aftermath of the #GOPdebate clown car incident, let us recall @stanblackley's finest hour. http://t.co/K6uADAOIvc"
eng	negative	"RT @RichardAngwin: Question for the candidates: Why do you think its OK for people working 40+ hrs a week to live in poverty? #GOPDebate ht…"
eng	negative	"RT @MarvMcMoore: Tonight's #GOPDebate proved what we already knew, that the GOP is out of touch &amp; their policies will move this country bac…"
eng	negative	"Y'all better vote this year, if Donald trump wins for president,  Y'all going to need college degrees to work at McDonald's.  Lol #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Astounded to hear @CarlyFiorina equate govn't helping people w/thinking it knows what's best. Sounds like archaic elitest claim. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@FrankLuntz @MolonLabe1776us @megynkelly As well you should. She was low brow starting of the debate with hate but it backfired #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jennyjaffe: HE SAID ILLEGALS AND FREELOADING IN THE SAME SENTENCE. THATS GOP BINGO. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"No @TheDailyShow, no @StephenAtHome, no @sullydish, and @realDonaldTrump is still gaining steam after the #GOPDebate? This is cruel."
eng	negative	"RT @abloomy09: Did you guys see that stand up comedy special on Fox News last night? That was fantastic 😂 #GOPDebate #Republicandebate #Rep…"
eng	negative	"RT @Wolfofwarrenst: Just in case you missed the #GOPDebate last night here's a quick recap http://t.co/h03MRzVFWB"
eng	negative	"@CBSMiami  #GOPDebate @RepEliotEngel How CanWe Trust @TheIranDeal When @POTUS Abuses His Power By Ordering an attack http://t.co/S7qqf9zQNF"
eng	negative	"Don't let Megyn's attack on Trump confuse you. #GOPDebate was a #FoxFix from the start. #FactsMatter http://t.co/OodjkuWCq6 via @HuffPostPol"
eng	negative	"RT @WvSchaik: A head of broccoli would make a better @POTUS than any of the candidates in #GOPDebate."
eng	negative	"RT @jkfecke: Cruz: "Look at the jerks, born in foreign countries, come in here and ruin this country." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"NEW STATEMENT on #GOPDEBATE: It's not a debate, it's an embarrassment:  @CorrectRecord http://t.co/JwZqoAf75E … #TruthMatters @RobertsMSNBC"
eng	negative	"RT @TheRomanPerez: I think it's usually plural for Texan but maybe  only one person in #Texas supports her candidacy? #GOPDebate https://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @Brian_Hough7: I'm disappointed, but can't say I'm surprised college affordability, voting/civil rights, and equality aren't @GOP priori…"
eng	negative	"RT @bloodless_coup: Obama traditionally does a presser before his vacation. He will be ABSOLUTELY UNABLE to resist demagoguing after #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: #GOPDebate - for people who were more mad at Obama saying 'we tortured some folks' than they were that we tortured some …"
eng	negative	"RT @brosandprose: They literally just asked the candidates if God has spoken to them. This is a farce. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"A great summary of last night's #GOPDebate http://t.co/kDeaGS3iEE"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #WakeUpAmerica Turn on @FoxNews damage control being spewed from every mouth.! Fox news is tough..we ask good questions..lol etc:"
eng	negative	"after @foxnews #Gopdebate @megynkelly made it a mockery last night i look forward to #internationalbeerday"
eng	negative	"RT @NeilMackay: The crowd just cheered for waterboarding at the #GOPDebate ... So I think I'll go to bed rather than kick my telly in"
eng	negative	"A little bitter that I have to watch little pieces of the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"He admitted to paying Hillary to attend his wedding. Jesus. Fangirl much? I'd have gone with The Rock. That's just me. #DumpTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not interested in what @megynkelly has to say - way too interested in promoting herself! #Trump2016 #GOPDebate  https://t.co/Qo71twp8fn"
eng	negative	"I sure hope #CNN does not hire the #FoxNews makeup person for their #GOPDebate JESUS"
eng	negative	"#DonaldTrump  #GOPDebate   check it out here   https://t.co/SGCU1vXZDV"
eng	negative	"RT @sallykohn: .@FoxNews @ChrisStirewalt says Fiorina won #GOPDebate, then Rubio.   "With the air of George Patton at a roller rink, Trump …"
eng	negative	"This country is full of your so-called "losers" who vote ...... poor people, fat people, and idiots too.    @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"This morning's #Twitter reactions to the #GOPDebate show that @megynkelly 1 @realDonaldTrump 0"
eng	negative	"World War ?? or Civil War.....We will get one or the other with a war-mongering repub president  #GOPDebate #gopwarmongers"
eng	negative	"I was enjoying the entertainment that is Trump's rhetoric....until democrats started taking him serious as a candidate.  #gopDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Lugswagger: Those who cannot understand how to put their thoughts on ice should not enter into the heat of debate. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Watching snippets of the #GOPDebate and thinking 'damn Americans have a great entertainment industry', then suddenly realising &amp; feeling sad"
eng	negative	"#BOYCOTT: @facebook &amp; @instagram for censorship.  @Dreamdefenders   #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#Trump took on opponents in #GOPDebate. This is how he took on celeb opponents in public feuds http://t.co/3fPXjvf7w9 http://t.co/6B06H8wFm5"
eng	negative	"I have been trolling every debate poll I see a link to by voting for Trump as the winner. #polltrolling #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Hillary got 19 mentions at the #GOPDebate and the middle class got 2. Really, what would they talk about if not her?"
eng	negative	"My main takeaway from last night's #GOPDebate? Poor Melania. #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @ReignOfApril: Rubio: All human beings deserve protection of our laws. But he meant fetuses, not undocumented immigrants. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jybray: Telling it like it is #GOPDebate http://t.co/vzhLQyWZMV"
eng	negative	"How can you say that but demonize abortion &amp; gay rights?? Oh &amp; say God speaks to you? But let's blow everything up #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"@GovChristie @realDonaldTrump Tough talk about marijuana from you 2 @FoxNews @megynkelly  You didn't fire up the conversation? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @keatingthomas: Trump just said the political system is broken because you can buy politicians, and then explained exactly how many he's…"
eng	negative	"RT @APechtold: Dominant thema #GOPDebate ... Abortus! 2015?????"
eng	negative	"And the winner of the 1st #GOPDebate is.... @HillaryClinton !!!  What a mob of lying pandering jackasses ...."
eng	negative	"wondered why I'm in a slightly bad mood this morning and then realized its due to the replaying of the #gopdebate in my head."
eng	negative	"RT @kesgardner: THANK YOU CARLY for mentioning those EPA regulations that would further strangle our economy. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @warriorwoman91: Many Republicans are upset about Planned Parenthood?? How can you be a human being and not be upset about those videos?…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly was the big loser in #GOPDebate  #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"@Salon 2nd Favorite #GOPDebate Meme on internet! http://t.co/RnYUvlHv4D"
eng	negative	"RT @ThePatriot143: #GOPDebate @megynkelly to Trump: 'When Did You Become a Republican?' Trump should have said 'When did you become a repor…"
eng	negative	"RT @JillBidenVeep: I loved Huckabee's work in "The Grinch who Stole Christmas." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate: Fiorina Blasts Trump's Clinton Ties: 'I Didn't Get A Phone Call From Bill' |  http://t.co/LvzMwOwrRS"
eng	negative	"RT @TumbleweedATL: I think your 3 cent titanium tax doesn't go too far enough! #GOPDebate #Futurama"
eng	negative	"Vote for a dad who brags he's never changed a diaper? No thanks, Trump. #sexyvoterhaiku #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MichelleDBeadle: Fake laughter is the best laughter. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JohnFugelsang: You could listen to all the candidate ideas in #gopdebate or you could just look at Kansas."
eng	negative	"#TedCruz reminded me of my Aunt Ethel sending her chicken a la king back to the kitchen at Cracker Barrel. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#DonaldTrump retweeted comment calling @megynkelly a "bimbo" last night. This is a man who hates women. The @GOP front runner. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"http://t.co/7uGkpZu40y I'm just gonna leave this here... #GOPDebate #Trump #RandPaul2016 http://t.co/E6JS3dFt7x"
eng	negative	"GPBSavannah: See ya later, #cleveland. In about a year if not sooner. #GOPdebate #election2016 https://t.co/zNWOFJAy6O"
eng	negative	"I loved it in the #GOPdebate when @BenCarson likened taxes to tithes, and said God already had a great plan, inherently fair."
eng	negative	"RT @lea_elenaa: I AM CONFUSED AS TO WHY WOMEN'S REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS IS A DEBATE TOPIC FOR THE MALE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeFromTN: @ChuckNellis @PhillipNLegg @JebBush  If @realDonaldTrump is a Conservative then I'm the Pope! And. I. Am. Not. #tcot #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Just woke up and I'm wondering: was the #GOPDebate real? Or the most horrifying nightmare I've ever had?"
eng	negative	"RT @BiasedGirl: Oh. Hey. So "drafting off of Trump" Maybe not the best idea. #GOPDebate #DumpTrump  https://t.co/AU1MBqGe7l"
eng	negative	"RT @ConnieSchultz: Every candidate who wants to repeal Obamacare should have to answer: Which Americans lose their healthcare? Name your vi…"
eng	negative	"RT @CapehartJ: "The President can't tell us what we got" in the Iran deal. Except he gave an entire speech about it yesterday. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Disappointed with @FoxNews facilitators, concentration on one person (Trump) and overall feel of a reality show, not a #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pattonoswalt: "They call me EAT-O Corleone." -- Chris Christie. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JaymeKFraser: Funny memes weigh in on #GOPdebate. A @HoustonChron collection: http://t.co/wktSBpOpzV  #MoreDebatesPlease http://t.co/EI…"
eng	negative	"Is it me or has Gov. Christie slimmed down even more? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Not a senior nor a junior at the #GOPDebate last night was fit for the presidency. #StraightTalk What MSM does not have the guts to say."
eng	negative	"I read #GOPDebate  Fact checks today..  Did ANYONE tell the truth??"
eng	negative	"hey look- the #KochBrothers R on the stage- standing between #BenCarson &amp; #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Going on @koolidge in 5 minutes to talk #GOPDebate and Stewart's awful finale. Tune in http://t.co/mXpD56nTwx"
eng	negative	"Someone did a fact check on the debates last night They all get an "F" http://t.co/PCOgVBoaow @rolandsmartin @FreedomSide @AFLCIO #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@StephenAtHome Here's my take on the GOP debate: https://t.co/VLTnasVw0t #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Since @FoxNews wants to talk about campaign donations, let's talk. @rupertmurdoch @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate http://t.co/7n0VLjf2sN"
eng	negative	"Listening to #Compton by @drdre was more real than listening to the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #FoxDebate #DonaldTrump #MegynKelly  To start debate with a loaded sexist question was unfair &amp; disgusting http://t.co/dAEJOOo1De"
eng	negative	"RT @DWStweets: Obamacare extends the solvency of Medicare and makes prescription drugs more affordable. That's the care seniors deserve. #O…"
eng	negative	"Republicans still talking about abortion like it's the 1960s. #GOPDebate http://t.co/Tz6w74Bk0I"
eng	negative	"#gopdebate #Trump's 3AM tweet brags of winning debate with a "dumb panel" by "massive amount". Less-dumb panel" would trounce him massively"
eng	negative	"RT @southsalem: Pyrrhic victory. Got ratings. Lost viewers. @FoxNews #GOPDebate #KellyFile #ChrisCrowley"
eng	negative	"My summary of #GOPDebate candidates from last night: mouth-breathing, paste-eating poster children for the banality of evil."
eng	negative	"George Bush may have hated black people, but @realDonaldTrump hates all women.  And Mexicans.  #GOPDebate #whatadick #ohmygodihatehimsomuch"
eng	negative	"RT @HalSparks: "We should respect life from beginning to end" unless it's in Iran. Then nuke em hard #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Finally had the opportunity to watch the #GOPDebate and I was honestly speechless..."
eng	negative	"RT @SSReaney: @megynkelly MostStupidQ #GOPDebate 11 M+ illegals in this country &amp; Chris Wallace asks Trump for "proof" that they're crossin…"
eng	negative	"A 3rd grader can debate like our political candidates. If we stress on specifics - like an implementation plan, we hear crickets #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @libbybeau: "The game ain't worth winning if you're breaking all the rules" #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Women shouldn't have body rights." "Oh, yeah? I will go FULL FUCKING CARTOON FASCIST to deny women body rights!" — #GOPDebate in brief"
eng	negative	"Dallas is a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants, I believe. If I have the definition of “sanctuary city” correct. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Expose him now. Then he is The Clinton's problem. Not ours. #DumpTrump #GOPDebate #JigIsUp  https://t.co/MM2dVMCQQb"
eng	negative	"As much as I don't like @realDonaldTrump the #GOPDebate was all about ripping him apart. The first question dragged on."
eng	negative	"RT @AdamSmith_USA: Race was discussed for only seconds. There's the Republican Party for you. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @larryfeltonj: Amazing how little attention was spent on police killing of black people. Defining national issue in at the moment. #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Omfg Huckabee called out Obama for vilifying people who disagree with him. The irony! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @nvr2conservativ: #GOPDebate revealed Trump isn't all that; Paul &amp; Christie didn't belong there but Fiorina did; Jeb is establishment; C…"
eng	negative	"Wait what? There can be debate about who did best in last night's #GOPDebate but it certainly wasn't @RandPaul...  https://t.co/wKLkMkDfIk"
eng	negative	"Lost in all the insanity of the #GOPDebate was how FoxNews was completely shilling for the GOP, not pretending to be impartial. #Shocked"
eng	negative	"RT @rixshep: .@glennbeck And the projected losers in the #FoxDebate / #GOPDebate are ... @megynkelly &amp; Chris Wallace!"
eng	negative	"Knew #GOPDebate ratings would be through the roof. It was compelling theatre. Reality TV at its finest. https://t.co/KBX7kMFsS7"
eng	negative	"RT @carmengoblue: It is like Miss America meets Jerry Springer. #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @sobertacious: DEFUNDING PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS NOT SOMETHING TO BE PROUD OF #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"NONE IS TALKING JUSTICE IN AMERICA #GOPDebate http://t.co/h9AgXpuZ4a"
eng	negative	"John Kasich Is A RINO. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Best anal.  Ysis you will read about last nights debates. #GOPDebate  https://t.co/1BAMWCKIZf"
eng	negative	"Trump: the system is broken, i know because i've taken advantage. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @patriotmom61: .@greta Ask Trump where he got his blue collar message https://t.co/JufZK92PMI #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #greta http://t.co/a…"
eng	negative	"@weeklystandard @JayCostTWS @realDonaldTrump your attempts to put him down are hilariously desperate. #GOPDebate #Trump2016"
eng	negative	"RT @SnarkyFieds: "Does God talk to you" is the final question? I swear I thought this was an elaborate @TheDailyShow joke. #GOPDebate http:…"
eng	negative	"How are you pro life, but bitch about funding programs that provide for these lives??? *looking to see where they do that at* #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @LiberalMmama: This is the saddest, most incomprehensible tweet I've ever seen... #GOPClownCar #GOPDebate  https://t.co/eDnUqWhPsh"
eng	negative	"RT @Rambobiggs: Jeb Bush Sucks #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Skipped #GOPDebate drinking games last night in favor of plain ol' drinking and, after reading recaps, feel even better about that decision."
eng	negative	"RT @SteveAmiri: This season of The Bachelorette sucks. #GOPDebate http://t.co/tRKbUPSudN"
eng	negative	"RT @OTOOLEFAN: I figured Megyn Kelly's last question would be "Do you believe Santa Claus is White?"  #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudscribbles: Some countries dream of democracy and we make drinking games out of it. #GOPDebate #USAUSA"
eng	negative	"A debate without moderation http://t.co/lPaeYdgEEk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @hellojoshpaul: @FoxNews hosts hogged 30% of the speaking time at the #GOPDebate who's running for president? Oh yeah, not the moderator…"
eng	negative	"Before the #GOPDebate, 14 focus groupers said they had favorable view of @FrankLuntz, @megynkelly &amp; @FoxNews.    After, none did."
eng	negative	"candidates' Christian comments?! @GovMikeHuckabee @marcorubio build a wall, prostitutes, illegals, #probirth cut medicare.. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MichaelGfrd: Remember when Reagan ignored the 40,000+ Americans who died of HIV during the 1980s? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @AnthonyCumia: Waiting for Trump to speak while listening to other candidates drivel is like sitting through Air Supply waiting for Led …"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Trump basically said, "I bought them because they were for sale." #BNRDebates #GOPDebate http://t.co/gle2jybfBb"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateMojo: **DRUDGE POLL** Jeb Bush Confirmed as Pathetic, Near Last. #GOPDebate #tcot https://t.co/9vxEIqxjfE"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate  How could Americans and world knows that the results are accurate and thre's a transparency &amp; no manipulations  ? @RandPaul"
eng	negative	"Why is this sorta-cute little Mexican fuck @marcorubio a Republican? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @funnyordie: It's not whether you win or lose, Donald. The only thing that matters in life is not winding up like you. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Mere days after @EPA releases #CleanPowerPlan, climate remains a non-issue in #GOPdebate. via ICN http://t.co/HWk4w4s238 #HearThePope"
eng	negative	"Trump's the drunk guy no one wants at the party #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Lots of dangerous hot-air from ideologue @RandPaul! #NSA #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @NARAL: .@JohnKasich talks about common sense, but repeatedly voted for an abortion ban that would make doctors into criminals. #OwnIt #…"
eng	negative	"@POTUS just watched the #GOPDebate  He got a good laugh. #UniteBlue #LibCrib #TYT #tcot #topprog #p2 #TNTweeters http://t.co/virJzqbGuW"
eng	negative	"RT @lifeisageless: Biggest loser of #GOPDebate is , wait for it.....  @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate is it really fair that Trump be among Gop candidates ?  Money can buy anything even results !"
eng	negative	"I don't normally do this, but I'm gonna DL the #GOPDebate so I can watch a group of the biggest idiots fight it out for "Idiot of the Year"."
eng	negative	"RT @electraphant: Rubio: Trump buys politicians Bush: I haven't gotten $ from him yet.  Christie: Yea, I'm for sale too.  Trump: All in goo…"
eng	negative	"RT @jessemermell: Commercial break. I feel like I need to take this time to somehow cleanse my soul after watching #GOPDebate for an hour."
eng	negative	"FrankLuntz: Before the #GOPDebate, 14 focus groupers said they had favorable view of Trump.  After, only 3 saw him… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"RT @SouthernHomo: So Trump considers treating women with respect "political correctness" ??? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Donald Trump hates Mexicans? http://t.co/dtmqyAJ56S"
eng	negative	"Foehammer2008: RT renomarky: ☑ never watch #KellyFile again  1. #GOPDebate questions  2. Pandering to DWStweets  3… http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"The best part about the #GOPdebate? The #memes...duhhhh http://t.co/7UUnFkBfLJ via @houstonchron"
eng	negative	"RT @brentalfloss: So Huckabee doesn't like science when it threatens his God, but he does like it when it circuitously leads to pro-life po…"
eng	negative	""A list of all the people (and nations) Donald Trump insulted last night at the #GOPdebate: http://t.co/gp6JiMFrJA http://t.co/V0d82zUfgV""
eng	negative	"if you were a republican before the #GOPDebate &amp; are still a republican after the debate congratulations on letting your true idiocy shine"
eng	negative	"@GameofOwns Last night, I kept imagining what a debate would be like between the contenders for the Iron Throne. Probably bloody. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I thought i was watching msnbc last night or TMZ not a presidential debate @FoxNews #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ctmommy: pre-debate @megynkelly “Oh we have a secret plan on how to deal with @realDonaldTrump…” LOL. TO INCREASE HIS SUPPORT???  @FoxN…"
eng	negative	"RT @AlishaGrauso: I can't be the only one who has the Benny Hill theme song running through my head during the #GOPDebate, right?"
eng	negative	"Look Ma, I found a #statist who thinks that a #grammar lesson was needed to cover up their #idiocracy #GOPDebate  https://t.co/q7cIesuPoe"
eng	negative	"I could see @netflix advertising the #GOPDebate like "Because you watched 'Wet Hot American Summer' and other ridiculous comedies...""
eng	negative	"RT @Omojuwa: Donald Trump is a showman. An entertainer. He'd say &amp; do anything to stay in the news. He is not good for the U.S. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson is probably the dumbest smart person alive. Says Homosexuality is unnatural &amp; Climate change is unproven. But Ur a Dr #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BaxterSpotlight: "...fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again."  President George W Bush #GOPDebate …"
eng	negative	"RT @WayneWylie1: From the real debate: Americans too reliant on government assistance. @RickSantorum #Rick2016 #gopdebate  http://t.co/gwLF…"
eng	negative	"Big fail last night for the digital arm of @FoxNews. http://t.co/k2c6axrECL #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Oh, so vetting a candidate is now "BS" if the candidate is #Trump? This is what primaries are for. @Dolly0811 @sandykjack #GOPDebate #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @thatsmylobster: @Wiseguysutah hey, is Donald Trump coming to Wiseguys anytime soon? I'd like advance tickets. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @patriotmom61: Lots of rhetoric on the #GOPDebate stage from political neophytes &amp; newbies but no actual record of accomplishments. #Exp…"
eng	negative	"AlissaLyn14: RT NylonMag: The 10 most insane, ridiculous quotes from last night's #GOPDebate. Seriously, what the … http://t.co/AuhlNZa3Ww"
eng	negative	"They oppose #PlannedParenthood and they oppose #Abortion - like, How? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#ChrisChristie Under what part of small central government do we put data mining, warrantless wiretaps and domestic spying? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Rubio using economic merit as a basis of determining if you should live in the U.S. How messed up is that? Smh. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @Brand0nRichards: Well, @HuffPostLive has perfected the photoshop and totally made me fall for a @SNLUpdate pic of Stefon regarding #GOP…"
eng	negative	". @RandPaul … poor Paul. I'm afraid @realDonaldTrump was correct when he said to Paul, "you are having a hard time tonight." #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RolfHarris65: #GOPDebate RWNJs are all upset at Fox for not lobbing softballs at their favorites. Bunch of babies."
eng	negative	"So at #GOPDebate, the man that said cinnamon cures diabetes, wants pimps to collect taxes. Huckabee will not be Prez. @SMShow @deray"
eng	negative	"RT @lhlamb: #MegynKelly's extensions should have their own Twitter feed. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @HRC: The fact is @RandPaul has staked out a consistent record against equality. Learn more http://t.co/xHYjH1FJfk #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @corrado_19: Breaking: Rosie O'Donnell responds to Trump by snapping angry selfie... #GOPDebate http://t.co/hF0vZjFOD3"
eng	negative	"Some candidates exaggerated their records at last night’s #GOPdebate, but some just got it all wrong: http://t.co/aCM6aL9tDb"
eng	negative	"RT @GovJVentura: I'm not voting for a Republican, so why should I waste my time on the #GOPdebate ? WATCH: http://t.co/oPcqIhURN9 http://t.…"
eng	negative	"We hate political correctness on the right, except when someone is politically incorrect. Then let's grab the pitch forks. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ashleyhblake: YOU CANNOT WAVE YOUR UNBORN BABIES DESERVE CONSTITUTIONAL PROTECTION FLAG &amp; NOT GRANT IT TO PEOPLE ALREADY LIVING. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"@walkermorin wait, you mean the #gopdebate wasn't the new Fox comedy?"
eng	negative	"RT @HarboTweets: "I am the only candidate that would make a suitable cartoon villain." #Trump #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"How did Fox manage to suck its own dick while giving a rim job to Facebook and jerking off Donald trump at the same time? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Yes, as a matter of fact. It IS all about the Donald. His feelers got hurt. He lashes out. Not a very presidential look. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Oh good lord... #Stefon is a prophet! #GOPDebate #OMGOP  https://t.co/aALY6CqzdX"
eng	negative	"I'm pretty sure Donald trump just said that he couldn't be held responsible for what he says in social media #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Had VERY weird/slightly scary dreams last night and I'm blaming the #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Passion is a good leadership trait to have. But it has to be sensible, not unhinged. #GOPDebate #tcot #DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"Honestly, the candidates that have all the money from establishment #GOP are a sign I shouldn't support them. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @rodimusprime: So you ask about #BlackLivesMatter and then Straight Out of Compton commercial is up next?   Product placement? #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @gnudarwin: Is Trump The Democrat ‘Wolf’ In GOP Clothing?  http://t.co/EBwX3o9OeU #standwithrand #gopdebate"
eng	negative	"best part of #GOPDebate was @ScottWalker awkwardly nodding when he was in the side of a shot like "Oh shit, I'm on camera, act like a human""
eng	negative	"#Rand2016 did not survive proof reading his dad's newsletters as a kid. #GOPDebate #FoxDebate #HugsNotDrugs"
eng	negative	"RT @PhillyD: Ted Cruz just looks untrustworthy. It looks like even his eyebrows don't trust him. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	""Nevermore, Gipper" -Ronald Raven #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Oh, hell. Just take a drink. #GOPDebate #BNRDebates http://t.co/EbqT2lJMw4"
eng	negative	"Caught up on the #GOPDebate. It was an hour of Frankensteins singing "Puttin' on the Ritz"."
eng	negative	"quite frankly, the most disturbing thing about last night's debate was having to look at the terrible adobo tinged tans. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Also, obviously John Kasich doesn't have a chance because he, for the most part, sounds like a reasonable human being. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @goldengateblond: "It's only by the blood of Jesus Christ and cash from the Koch brothers that my sins are redeemed." -- Scott Walker, c…"
eng	negative	"RT @ChrisJZullo: Last night they could have have raised their hands. I'm a spoiled billionaire, I'm an oligarch, I'm a racist, I'm a religi…"
eng	negative	"RT @laprofe63: #WishfulThinking! #GOPDebate showed quite plainly how NOT prepared any of those men (+1 woman) are 2 lead nation. https://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @rumpfshaker: "I have never gone bankrupt," says Trump who has multiple businesses that went thru bankruptcy, screwed creditors out of m…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @Lrihendry: #WakeUpAmerica  Fox #GOPDebates freezes out #TedCruz for 44 minutes!   http://t.co/OPdkTmBMLY  #fair #tcot http://t.co/EfHEw…"
eng	negative	"RT @Lrihendry: #WakeUpAmerica  Fox #GOPDebates freezes out #TedCruz for 44 minutes!   http://t.co/OPdkTmBMLY  #fair #tcot http://t.co/EfHEw…"
eng	negative	"RT @Lrihendry: #WakeUpAmerica  Fox #GOPDebates freezes out #TedCruz for 44 minutes!   http://t.co/OPdkTmBMLY  #fair #tcot http://t.co/EfHEw…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"Does anyone think Dr. Carson or Huckabee deserve to be in the next debate more than Carly Fiorina? Because you're wrong #GOPDebates #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @Rightwingpolok: Who had the MOST face time in the #GOPDebates? Why @megynkelly , of course. Is she running for something?She needs to.S…"
eng	negative	"Sage advice for candidates on and off the debate stage!!!  #GOPDebates  #GOPHypocrisy  #p2  #tcot  #GorillaPig1... http://t.co/Fu6JOSo9Yd"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebates were everything we could have hoped for and less."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"&gt;#GOPDebates &gt;Trump says he's actually a zombie &gt;Poll numbers skyrocket &gt;American public dies immediately, still applauding as he eats them"
eng	negative	"My twitter time line has diverse people. EVERYONE was dogging @FOXNEWS and @megynkelly ALL NIGHT LONG. STILL GOING AND GOING. #GOPDEBATES"
eng	negative	"#LOL #LMFAO #Repost @alecmapa with repostapp. ・・・ The official Democratic response to the #GOPDebates https://t.co/sGJDeb3ujm"
eng	negative	"People overanalyze #GOPDebates. Surprising how horrible policies sound completely reasonable in soundbites."
eng	negative	"RT @LadiesForTrump: Replace #MegynKelly w/#RosieODonnell 4 Next #FoxNewsDebate... #TrumpIsRight #GOPDebates #TrumpTrain2016 #ActOfLove http…"
eng	negative	"RT @Rightwingpolok: Who had the MOST face time in the #GOPDebates? Why @megynkelly , of course. Is she running for something?She needs to.S…"
eng	negative	"Like The #GOPDebates Last Night - It Trended Than Fizzled"
eng	negative	"Who had the MOST face time in the #GOPDebates? Why @megynkelly , of course. Is she running for something?She needs to.She's not a journalist"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Muxywithmoxie: Walker Emerges as Leading Candidate to Run Enterprise Rent-A-Car Branch http://t.co/X6QA8MUTa7 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Muxywithmoxie: Walker Emerges as Leading Candidate to Run Enterprise Rent-A-Car Branch http://t.co/X6QA8MUTa7 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Last night 2 #GOPdebates proved the Right is against: science, health care, gays, women, civility, reality, or sanity."
eng	negative	"Sen. Perry calls for "aviation assets" (means spy drones) that "identify what individuals are doing" 24/7 #GOPDebates http://t.co/ipbSIczyIN"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"@DonnieWahlberg #GOPDebates were pathetic with no realistic solutions. I got drunk with my husband playing the GOPDebates drinking game."
eng	negative	"The #GOPdebates in a nutshell... http://t.co/5UwVybTuB3"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews the #GOPdebates made me want to vote for Trump as a 3rd party candidate and I don't even like Trump #outnumbered"
eng	negative	"If I wanted to see grown men throw hissy fits, I would watch Will &amp; Grace. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump gets called out for sexism at #GOPDebates, goes on Twitter after and calls Megyn Kelly a bimbo. Wow.  http://t.co/kfakVv5TKw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Kaore: Want to help small businesses Rubio? Protect them from greedy landlords and unfair rent practices.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie: If His Lips Are Moving, He's Still Lying https://t.co/4bh9A04MJd via @sharethis #GOPDebates  #ChrisChristie #elchubbo"
eng	negative	"This was me and my crew after the debates last night 😂😂 #GOPDebates #Republicans #Democrats #Trump… https://t.co/gXki90c6vS"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"To me, when I see a debate hosted I need to see the moderator set up the field well. Not become the focal point! #foxnews #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I'm not usually one to miss political happenings, but it feels SO good to have ignored the #GOPDebates last night. #selfcare #dem4life"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebates Showed How Fox News Enforces Republican Orthodoxy #partyvoice # http://t.co/rT96USI2NK"
eng	negative	"RT @Jerry_Holbert: Refreshing. #GOPDebates http://t.co/45eM0dXrzs http://t.co/O5W4sC7uF7"
eng	negative	"A couple more #GOPDebates like that one and #MegynKelly will be voting for Bernie Sanders."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"THE GREATEST LET DOWN IN TELEVISION HISTORY: #GOPDebates!  ALL WE DID WAS HELP #KlanManTV aka @Foxnews SWELL THE RANKS OF THEIR RATINGS"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	".@marklevinshow .@BillHemmer @marthamaccallum @BretBaier did fine. No more @megynkelly or @FoxNewsSunday Chris Wallace. at next #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: @marilynarndt @princeofbordue1 I think @megynkelly was vicious and very unprofessional last night. She lost me also. #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"@drshow Misogyny is good for ratings. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"2016 News: @JohnSununu at #GOPDebates for @JohnKasich tells @NH1News @realDonaldTrump language &amp; answers "clearly aren’t presidential" #fitn"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump looks better in this video than he did last night in the #GOPDebates. #WomenAgainstTrump https://t.co/LWpfGDCnaS"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"An assassination attempt by RNC ...now GOP has to deal w/ th consequences #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @BillHemmer"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walker Emerges as Leading Candidate to Run Enterprise Rent-A-Car Branch http://t.co/X6QA8MUTa7 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates = clowns &amp; idiots 17 Funniest Tweets on GOP Debate Failing to Even Mention Climate Change http://t.co/aqO0IULltZ via @ecowatch"
eng	negative	"Not one question about Congressional term limits? Really? FOX really flubbed the dub.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@Marmel I don't see any winners in the #GOPDebates ."
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @b140tweet: @ZonkerPA  A rare view from behind the stage at the #GOPDebate  A behind the scene look at candidates.. #GOPDEBATES http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @b140tweet: @ZonkerPA  A rare view from behind the stage at the #GOPDebate  A behind the scene look at candidates.. #GOPDEBATES http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	"RT @KLSouth: .@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their …"
eng	negative	"I thought the questions were fair and balanced. Really! @realdonaldtrump Stop whining.@foxnews #gopdebates http://t.co/shILDADfPn"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	".@marthamaccallum &amp; @BillHemmer arrogant/snarky on #GOPDebates. The NY &amp; DC Media complex are slimy. Our America is not their America."
eng	negative	"@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump best line of the night #GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The American people won the #GOPDebates last night in one sense. Engagement. A 16 market share is the largest ever. #civics"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Calling women dehumanizing names isn't a lack of political correctness, it's a lack of basic decency and respect. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Decent human beings? Geez...they're all #Politicians but one, what'd u expect?! #GOPDebates @LemonMeringue19 @KenCageRepo @JOHNNYLAUNONEN"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates I wish that they could be done while the candidates were connected to lie detectors, or maybe by scientologists lol"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: @marilynarndt @princeofbordue1 I think @megynkelly was vicious and very unprofessional last night. She lost me also. #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: The happiest person in America today after watching those debates is HRC. #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@DPRFOZ "Quality of the Moderators" #GOPDebates LMMFAO!!! I am literally rolling on the floor... There is NOTHING SANE about republicans."
eng	negative	"@megynkelly After last night's debacle you have one less fan and viewer. #FoxNews #GOPDebate #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I like Trump less this morning than I did last morning, although I realize that's what Fox news wanted me to think. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Sanitized sound bites and and bumper sticker rhetoric" -Carly Fiorina #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I can answer. 1) what I'd do is SMH 2) ppl do sh!t they don't want to do daily. It's called a job #GOPDebates https://t.co/1tETyKr9dy"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"As if it's not obvious, 17 is way too many. No less than 7 need to drop out in the next month or so. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @1catherinesiena: @glennbeck @PatandStu @FoxNews WAS THE WORST! I didn't appreciate the theatrics - that's all they were about! #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@MegynKelly made me warm toward Trump. I can't believe it. I am rooting for him in spite of myself. That was no debate. #PoorJob #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordular: Wham, Bam, Thank You, Ann! How the participants of the #GOPDebates should be seen. #truthbomb http://t.co/sosrcPfVSJ"
eng	negative	"RT @1catherinesiena: @glennbeck @PatandStu @FoxNews WAS THE WORST! I didn't appreciate the theatrics - that's all they were about! #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @FreedomJames7: Trump Supporters Are Rude 😡 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@glennbeck @PatandStu @FoxNews WAS THE WORST! I didn't appreciate the theatrics - that's all they were about! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"A big problem facing Democrats will be how to get Hillary sober long enough for her to debate? #toot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NYCdeb8tr: @redsteeze @dalestokely Megyn Kelly was so over the top, I thought she would announce her candidacy last night. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews says @RealBenCarson topped candidates in new Twitter followers after #GOPDebates. 24000 vs. 2nd place, 11000 @marcorubio Congrats!"
eng	negative	"showed serious differences in approaches to the world &amp; problems within the GOP, and more importantly, the #GOPDebates showed off the crazy."
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"@redsteeze @dalestokely Megyn Kelly was so over the top, I thought she would announce her candidacy last night. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"All I need to know @FrankLuntz &lt;&lt; you're the loser -&amp; BTW red hair does NOT become you! @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates http://t.co/RDTFPfiRx7"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"There was a lot of inane garbage that went down @ #GOPdebates w/Trump as target. But when they hit issues it was interesting."
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @Izac_Wright: THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I …"
eng	negative	"Women should start protesting #GOPDebates misogyny with "Stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there!" placards. (I invented it :-) )"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @olakunlesoriyan: FREEDOM is NOT FREE...and we MUST FIGHT for it EVERYDAY--@RealBenCarson  #GOPDebates #AfroWays #RandomThoughts #Soriya…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/L…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates misogyny no surprise considering 10 men on a stage, pontificating about our bodies #WhereRWomen http://t.co/Ldg62Y65S5"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"The @realDonaldTrump should have asked @megynkelly "ask these 9 candidates if THEY would support ME when I win the nomination" #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Winner Of Both #GOPDebates PolitiFact - Pants On Fire - False - Mostly False - Half True"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @SeeThroughFruit: Jeb Bush more like please just stop #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Joy__Hart: The morning Joe crowd is giving Fiorina a false sense of intelligence. She is Sarah Palin with lighter hair #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Swoldemort: Was anyone else expecting Trump to say something super racist when he mentioned China and Japan? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The morning Joe crowd is giving Fiorina a false sense of intelligence. She is Sarah Palin with lighter hair #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Using Trump to troll liberals may be my new favorite thing!!!! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Any SANE person was impressed w/the Quality of the Moderators at #GOPDebates. But Agenda Driven Haters gotta HATE.  https://t.co/3dc47McBht"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Two great political comedy acts in one night - the last of #JonStewart and the #GOPDebates #tears"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jaret2113: Jeb could whoop Trumps ass in corn hole. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jaret2113: I'll bet George W. can drink Jeb under the table...like embarrassingly!!!!! #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jaret2113: Rand Paul - this is what Justin Timberlake will look like in 10 years. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"@foxandfriends @megynkelly made @CandyCrowley look professional with her vicious attacks on @realDonaldTrump. So biased! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"RT @TenSecondCynic: Fox News didn't ask one of the #GOPDebates candidates what they planned to do about Mall Walkers."
eng	negative	"@marilynarndt @princeofbordue1 I think @megynkelly was vicious and very unprofessional last night. She lost me also. #GOPDebates #PJNET"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/o…"
eng	negative	"When will they learn? @FoxNews @megynkelly attack @realDonaldTrump and he wins @TIME &amp; @DRUDGE poll. #GOPDebates http://t.co/oeilPvkKbE"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates was the bachelor on foxtv.last night"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebates Showed How @FoxNews Enforces #Republican Orthodoxy http://t.co/IHNwy8DgCm via @HuffPostPol #rhetoric #politics #journalusm"
eng	negative	"RT @HellyerE: @IngrahamAngle @niceninja @RealBenCarson Iol noticed in neither #GOPDebates~ not one person jumped up &amp; yelled #YOULIE Juxtap…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LemonMeringue19: Intelligence, class and charm are no longer requirements for the presidency, I guess. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @diegueno: what working people missed in the #GOPdebates last night http://t.co/v0KyvZoPRu"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: You liar, Trump, You came out against the war in Iraq because your other businesses went belly up #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @CamelotGypsy: @maddow So while everyone was watching #GOPDebates &amp; #DebateWithBernie -- @SenSchumer does a Fri night news dump on a Thu…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: You liar, Trump, You came out against the war in Iraq because your other businesses went belly up #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @diegueno: what working people missed in the #GOPdebates last night http://t.co/v0KyvZoPRu"
eng	negative	"RT @Jerry_Holbert: Refreshing. #GOPDebates http://t.co/45eM0dXrzs http://t.co/O5W4sC7uF7"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"what working people missed in the #GOPdebates last night http://t.co/v0KyvZoPRu"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: You liar, Trump, You came out against the war in Iraq because your other businesses went belly up #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So now we know who uncle Rupert does NOT want to be the republican nominee. Mr Bad Hair, that would be you. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: This is why I don't watch Fox News, they're all assholes #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews fumbles the #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE #FoxNewsFumbles"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Tech giants turn to fed agents baaaack to back. Losin pieces of your privacy baaaaack to back. #GOPdebates #MeekvsDrake"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Jim Gilmore is clueless on #ISIS. It's not a state? They already rule an area larger than the United Kingdom.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"The #GOP fuck-ups goin' baaaack to back. Keep the wars goin' baaaaack to back. #GOPDebates #MeekvsDrake"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"@MEGANKELLY  Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@RepublicanSwine Too busy enjoying my life to catch #GOPDebates. Which one of these draft-dodging pricks called themselves the best patriot?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""@RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates" woe wait a minute what"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@TheYoungTurks @ScottWalker WRONG!!! He is begging his donors for money. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @davidgaliel: An Informed Voter Attends The #GOPDebates http://t.co/DIS7aq3r6j"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"Tonight we learned that @GovChristie thinks he can remove our civil rights to fight terrorism. #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Can Donald Trump say this to his daughters or may be... #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"All of the #GOP  candidates were asked to describe #HillaryClinton  in 2 words.  Only 1 of them could count to 2. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Every time they say "wedge issues" I think they mean wedgies #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly #gopdebates @JebBush Megyn YOU BLEW IT, it WAS NOT GWs WAR,it was Americas! I love ya but your success went to your head tonight"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"@MarkGillar @UpInTheHills Night before she gave platform to an illegal VARGAS 2 voice his views. #megynKellysucks #GOPDebates #conservatives"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @mikewhitmore: I didn't watch the #GOPDebates tonight, so I was going to ask who won. Then I figured, I did."
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @larryelder: Trump should have said, "Megyn, ask these nine candidates, if they plan to support ME when I win the nomination." #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"Reagan: Trust but verify  Obama: Trust but vilify  Huckabee: Trust but deepfry  #GOPDebates #tytlive"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"IS THIS REAL LIFE IS THIS AMERICA IS THIS PLANET EARTH #GOPdebates #FinalQuestion https://t.co/CAgdY75BAR"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mikewhitmore: I didn't watch the #GOPDebates tonight, so I was going to ask who won. Then I figured, I did."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I didn't watch the #GOPDebates tonight, so I was going to ask who won. Then I figured, I did."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: No doubt! Huge bump! #Kasich #GopDebates  https://t.co/VAnC0qxY4C"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The upside of being cruelly excluded from the #GOPDebates is that America won't get to know me!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So Donald Trump is Biff from Back to the Future 2? #GOPDebates #womensrights  #combover http://t.co/IS9GYB7P31"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Well that's unfortunate. #GOPdebates  https://t.co/P9jGpHxC3Q"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"An assassination attempt  ...now GOP has to deal w/ th consequences #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @DRUDGE_REPORT"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"@whitemamba23 100%!!! Hilary hanging with Kimye and Trump is dead center at #GOPDebates but a 3rd party is "stupid"??"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: I'm starting to worry that Trump is a field experiment. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jillwklausen: So how much fun was that tonight, folks? #GOPDebates #ClownShow #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Jami_USA: If we don't hold everyone to the same standards during the #GOPDebates, what are they worth?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jillwklausen: So how much fun was that tonight, folks? #GOPDebates #ClownShow #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Two #GOPDebates and last episode of @TheDailyShow with Jon Stewart. Several hours of comedy tonight, but all kind of sad too. #JonVoyage"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"An assassination attempt  ...now GOP has to deal w/ th consequences #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @nlsnt1"
eng	negative	"Pretty sure Twitter was invented for nights like this #GOPdebates #killpeopleandbreakthings"
eng	negative	"@foxnews #gopdebates it was obvious FOX was interested in CONTROVERSY sadly, some of the questions ONLY designed for SHOCK value"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"An assassination attempt  ...now GOP has to deal w/ th consequences #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @IngrahamAngle"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"An assassination attempt  ...now GOP has to deal w/ th consequences #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DriverPost: These snide patronizing liberal hosts of  #GOPDebates w/their slimy vineer just make my skin crawl ~ Megyn Kelly Bret Baier…"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"(two cats rolling around on the floor laughing hysterically) A BUFFOON AND HIS PLATOON! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @deancameron: How many famous people petulantly threatened to move to Canada if one of the debaters won? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Tonight we were entertained by the first round of the #GOPDebates; sponsored &amp; brought to us by #Facebook &amp; #FoxNews. Goodnight..."
eng	negative	"Audience for #GOPdebates sounds like a mob ready to #killpeopleandbreakthings"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RossDaniel7: @DWStweets on Kelly File seemed like she was mentally unstable. Typical "Socialist Democrat" #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Jami_USA: If we don't hold everyone to the same standards during the #GOPDebates, what are they worth?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Retweeted CDM (@RWSurferGirl):  So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Only thing Trumps brings is what we never get from a politician: he honestly gives zero fucks what you think about his ideas. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So @megynkelly posed for adult pictures.should we bring that up? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates  As Larry Wilmore #thenightlyshow says "the unblackening of America" continues. (sorry, Carson doesn't have a chance)."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"What hashtag do I use to vote for all these candidates to receive injuries and illnesses and descend into poverty?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Dems have gone from denying the fact they are #Socialist to openly supporting one. #GOPDebates #tcot #rednationrising #GOP #BernieSanders"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump won, @FoxNews @megynkelly Chris 'goofy glasses' Wallace lost favor. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @IanGaryTweets: This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"RT @Glenn_CookNV: My reaction to tonight's "debates": The beginning of the end for The Donald. http://t.co/6OEonrUAJ1 #GOPDebates #lvrj"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox News didn't ask one of the #GOPDebates candidates what they planned to do about Mall Walkers."
eng	negative	"My reaction to tonight's "debates": The beginning of the end for The Donald. http://t.co/6OEonrUAJ1 #GOPDebates #lvrj"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So many mixed feelings... Crying over Jon Stewart and LMAO over the #GOPdebates. — thinking about the meaning of life"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Desdemona4U: It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t…"
eng	negative	"It was unfathomable that @megynkelly would ask Wasserman-Schultz to do a postmortem on the #GOPDebates. #SURREAL https://t.co/O3RfEcfbkP"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"Cruz is being completely ignored.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LeaSavoy: Overall view on #GOPDebates...  "I stayed home from work for this?"  My candidate choice has not changed 1 iota.  #CruzCrew"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @Izac_Wright: THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Can't wait to see the #SNL skits relating to the #GOPdebates or candidates... Make sure you mention God every other sentence."
eng	negative	"So many great jokes on Twitter tonight about the #GOPDebates, but not as many as there were on stage."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Too many clowns, not enough commercials #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"#FoxNews didn't ask good questions. #GOPDebates #FoxDebate  https://t.co/c7tQp8cUaF"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Samstwitch: Wow, everybody's tweeting about @FoxNews', @megynkelly's bad treatment of @realDonaldTrump and #GOPDebates!  Agreed!"
eng	negative	"RT @bryanlvt: I want Trump to run as an independent. I want to see an army of pissed off women give him some much deserved humility #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walkers main talking point was that he took on 100s of 1000s of union protesters and won. Waiting to hear how that helped WI. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly you don't speak for me as a woman! Zero respect for you tonight.  #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @MashUpRich: Who will have the bigger boobs? #Hooterspageant on FoxSports1 or #GOPdebates on FOX News? http://t.co/ZoztDd3MVx"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Chic4USA: Aaaand #megynfail brings in DNC chair to take down Trump thru women's rights. My gender once again used as fear tool. Ugh #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @david_w_ross: So here I am watching the jerry springer show and suddenly realized it's the #foxnews #GOPdebates !?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Disappointed that the two most brilliant didn't get nearly enough talk time. #GOPDebates @tedcruz @RealBenCarson"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Jim Gilmore is clueless on #ISIS. It's not a state? They already rule an area larger than the United Kingdom.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"@seanhannity needs to be a moderator on the next debate! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: "My record is clear. I hate women who want affordable birth control and STD screenings." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Only Merchants of Death could speak so callously! God Speed @TedCruz #GOPDebates  https://t.co/DMlCCl31kd"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@miamidecor Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"“Are We Being Punk’d?” Twitter Has A Field Day With Round 1 Of The #GOPDebates http://t.co/T4k0yUu7J1"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates THE NEWS MEDIA label themselves 'journalists' even though not a single one of them can report their way out of a wet paper sack."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @Chic4USA: Aaaand #megynfail brings in DNC chair to take down Trump thru women's rights. My gender once again used as fear tool. Ugh #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Will_Bunch: So smart of Kasich to say, essentially, "I hear the concerns of Trump voters except that I'm sane" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @ProfessorRobo: To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @DCordrey1: Kelly is less credible now @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Will_Bunch: So smart of Kasich to say, essentially, "I hear the concerns of Trump voters except that I'm sane" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Will_Bunch: So smart of Kasich to say, essentially, "I hear the concerns of Trump voters except that I'm sane" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @notdramadriven: #GOPDebates @ScottWalker #Democrats can't even find one good candidate #truthbomb"
eng	negative	"Kelly is less credible now @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: FTW Ron. You nailed it he came close to telling Megyn to shut up. #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/2U15vmQLUD"
eng	negative	"To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @washingtonpost"
eng	negative	"To start th evening, RNC moderators dropped Atom Bomb on #Trump  ...Trump kicked it thru th uprights #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @KarenMonsour12"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So smart of Kasich to say, essentially, "I hear the concerns of Trump voters except that I'm sane" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @GizmoOlder: @nytimes #Trump2016 spoke more but said less in #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"Because GOP is on the WRONG side of all those issues. #GOPDebates #FoxNews #FoxDebate  https://t.co/KUuRPQyABY"
eng	negative	"RT @Chic4USA: Aaaand #megynfail brings in DNC chair to take down Trump thru women's rights. My gender once again used as fear tool. Ugh #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @Raddmom: If the #GOPDebates keep going like this- I won't even bother going to the polls. @GOP @Reince that's a promise! #GOPDebate #Tr…"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"If the #GOPDebates keep going like this- I won't even bother going to the polls. @GOP @Reince that's a promise! #GOPDebate #TrumpCruz2016"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"Aaaand #megynfail brings in DNC chair to take down Trump thru women's rights. My gender once again used as fear tool. Ugh #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I really wish #JonStewart's last night wasn't on the same night as the #GOPDebates. Dick move, Fox. #JonVoyage"
eng	negative	"RT @sassyandcowgirl: WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"WTF is wrong with @DWStweets? Her issues are not real issues. Her issues cause division and don't solve anything. #GOPDebates #tcot #GOP"
eng	negative	"RT @deancameron: How many famous people petulantly threatened to move to Canada if one of the debaters won? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @TrotAlex: Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #GOP2016 plan on building up military and cut taxes. How ya gonna pay for it? Bake sale? Steal more from SS?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey #GopDebates, Ronald Reagan has no relationship to you assholes, he pardoned millions of mexican americans #BOOM"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey #GopDebates, Ronald Reagan has no relationship to you assholes, he pardoned millions of mexican americans #BOOM"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I don't like him. I'm not his friend. I'm not gonna call him by his nickname. It's John Bush not fucking Jeb Bush. #GOPDebates #enoughbush"
eng	negative	"RT @b140tweet: Rip  #AnnRichards... She has it right.. We needed her for President #GOPDEBATES #STOPRUSH http://t.co/uw5AXjzMXC"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"#FoxDebates hates Trump because he doesn't need Koch money. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"WTH @megynkelly Do we really give a damn what @DWStweets lies about. #GOPDebates https://t.co/pY8ydiQkyA"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mette_mariek: Donald Trump is @eddiepepitone's best character ever. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Izac_Wright: THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Last thing to care about #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #usa"
eng	negative	"The fact that Jeb won't support his brother's decision to go Iraq is not something I like. You back your family.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @FoxNewsMom: I'm psychic.  #GOPDebates http://t.co/WxAF0QVhI5"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Izac_Wright: THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"3:15 hr #Learjet flight earlier, #Dallas to #Monterrey #California. Missed the #GOPDebates, who shined? @Lrihendry @healthandcents @jjauthor"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly Stop whining about Trumps comment to you... You obviously set out to attack him &amp; got a little back. Deal with it! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Samstwitch: Wow, everybody's tweeting about @FoxNews', @megynkelly's bad treatment of @realDonaldTrump and #GOPDebates!  Agreed!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"bahahaaaaaaHA!!"@RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates""
eng	negative	"RT @KateAronoff: Who hates women the most? GO. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Has Ted Cruz never heard of anwar al-awlaki and samir khan? #gopdebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"Nothing about civil rights, police brutality, nor gun reform either. #GOPDebates @BernieSanders #Bernie2016 http://t.co/GlsF7RT8S6"
eng	negative	"It seems like Ben Carson did a good job, but lacks the insights and depth of knowledge needed for a President #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	".@seanspicer looks like he has a broom handle 1 foot up his ass talking to @andersoncooper on @cnn #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie and Rand Paul got really nasty with each other.   That was fun. Made Trump look meek.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TrotAlex: Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Rand Paul should have gone with, 'I've got curly hair!' and dropped the mic. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TrotAlex: Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @david_w_ross: So here I am watching the jerry springer show and suddenly realized it's the #foxnews #GOPdebates !?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @david_w_ross: So here I am watching the jerry springer show and suddenly realized it's the #foxnews #GOPdebates !?"
eng	negative	"RT @Lukewearechange: where is this evidence that these hacks talk about when it comes to Syria #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Didnt get to watch the debate-watching the recap..if I did I would be stressed out watching some of these ppl! #painful #GOPDebates @CNN"
eng	negative	"Wow, everybody's tweeting about @FoxNews', @megynkelly's bad treatment of @realDonaldTrump and #GOPDebates!  Agreed!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie and Lindsey Graham seem to want more power to spy on America.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @TrotAlex: Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How many famous people petulantly threatened to move to Canada if one of the debaters won? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @TrotAlex: Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: No, Rand Paul does not have a budget, he has budgets... multiple sets of books? Yep... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""@RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates""
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Call @FoxNews! Demand a 2-minute routine segment in all future #GOPDebates! Let's see who can really wield the #BatonOfFreedom."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	negative	"Sorry @edhenry I was not offended by @realDonaldTrump ! As a woman I was offended by @megynkelly !!! #GOPDebates #KellyFile"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: No, Rand Paul does not have a budget, he has budgets... multiple sets of books? Yep... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: No, Rand Paul does not have a budget, he has budgets... multiple sets of books? Yep... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Sad that nobody asked Chris Christie about those times he left Jersey to go to Dallas Cowboys games and taxpayers paid for it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@therobotjane @ChZuckBean @BillyDenton23 @SharkPrinceRen STARSCREAM IS DICK CHENEY #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Anyone who REALLY loved America tonight would have dropped an atomic bomb on the #GOPDebate #GOPDebacle #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: @FOXNEWS #GOPdebates  Focus Group is a LAUGH.  NOT STATISTICALLY SIgnificant."
eng	negative	"We the American people pick the next President of United States not FOX News 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: @FOXNEWS #GOPdebates  Focus Group is a LAUGH.  NOT STATISTICALLY SIgnificant."
eng	negative	"No, Rand Paul does not have a budget, he has budgets... multiple sets of books? Yep... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: @FOXNEWS #GOPdebates  Focus Group is a LAUGH.  NOT STATISTICALLY SIgnificant."
eng	negative	"RT @Lisa_Luerssen: Fox News just declared that Megyn Kelly, Bret Baier, and Chris Wallace won tonight's debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@FOXNEWS #GOPdebates  Focus Group is a LAUGH.  NOT STATISTICALLY SIgnificant."
eng	negative	"I hate when the moderator asks a candidate to talk to another candidate.  They should talk to America.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Huge bump! #Kasich #GopDebates  https://t.co/KJHNujEtFe"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"@senrandpaul owning traitor Chris Chistie 👏👏👏 #politics #Freedom #debates #GOPDebates #RandPaul… https://t.co/lJL7vJiqDt"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: FTW Ron. You nailed it he came close to telling Megyn to shut up. #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/2U15vmQLUD"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is like an #SNL sketch #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #Republicandebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear fox news moderator, you forgot to say chinese hacking started under the Bush Admin... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Calling SS an entitlement is obscene. Government took my money for my retirement, they owe it back to me plus interest!"
eng	negative	"But can fetuses vote? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @UnitedCitizen01: @RockinJoe1 #FOZNEWS #GOPdebates   The "Support Candidate" Question was more MSM DIRTY TRICKS to Turn Crowd against #T…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @LeahDaughtry: I see Trump didn't bother with a new hairstylist.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I don't remember the #GOPDebates at this stage in the last election. This seems more ridiculous but then again..Palin was involved before."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates  just more and more solid proof to the rest of the world that Americans are crazy!!!"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates got me like 😕👎👋BYE. 🙊 #day25 #30days #potd @ excuse me,… https://t.co/iKb1d7wwvv"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Fox News just declared that Megyn Kelly, Bret Baier, and Chris Wallace won tonight's debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"JonathanFarrel7: JonathanFarrel7: luciabrawley: What is the Christian litmus test? Let's refer to the Constitution, shall we? #GOPDebates #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @CorrectRecord: Seriously, #GOPdebates, not a single question or mention of #votingrights on #VRA50? http://t.co/kjCsEUWG8T"
eng	negative	"RT @Izac_Wright: THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: FTW Ron. You nailed it he came close to telling Megyn to shut up. #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/2U15vmQLUD"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Trump has air of Boris Yeltsin of Russia, nd he became President of Russia!!!"
eng	negative	"RT @heatherhilless: Planned parenthood is performing half birth abortions, that is immoral, unconstitutional, and unethical #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @PARISDENNARD: 3 hours of #GOPDebates is enough for one night and I love politics…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"THIS HAPPENED: Not a single mention of #votingrights on #VRA50 in tonight’s #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Cruz takes to long between sentences.  I know he is really smart, but he doesn't sound that way.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Not bad for a tipsy female who's blonde at the roots! 😂😂😂 #GOPDebates  https://t.co/orpUoLsK2R"
eng	negative	"Planned parenthood is performing half birth abortions, that is immoral, unconstitutional, and unethical #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"That was political theatrics. It was obviously set up by #FoxNews to favor #JebBush. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Can we do that? What r we saying? After both #GOPDebates tonight if we've learned 1 thing it's that anyone can run:) https://t.co/rTS5x2njM6"
eng	negative	"#GOP2016 hate all unions. #GOPDebates made it clear they have no respect, not even for teachers union."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mbaratz: Is Trump a person or performance art? Serious question. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: They fixed the VA yet there are no mammogram machines at our only VA hospital. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PARISDENNARD: 3 hours of #GOPDebates is enough for one night and I love politics…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie doesn't understand the Bill of Rights. @RandPaul does! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates Great job #randpaul"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: What ever happened to the answers to how they were gonna take care of vets? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"3 hours of #GOPDebates is enough for one night and I love politics…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Media will twist and turn good to bad and bad to good #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"If there's one thing we can be certain of... It's that @FoxNews does not want @realDonaldTrump to win. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to."
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @FoxNewsMom: I'm psychic.  #GOPDebates http://t.co/WxAF0QVhI5"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: What about the life of the woman who is carrying the baby? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul's hair may be worse than Trumps!#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Trump is failing the #FoxNews focus poll I knew he would. He bombed! Never attack a conservative woman. #GopDebates https://t.co/584A2xK2Wf"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates on Fox. Where else? The Sloth Network?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Jim Gilmore is clueless on #ISIS. It's not a state? They already rule an area larger than the United Kingdom.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @FoxNewsMom: I'm psychic.  #GOPDebates http://t.co/WxAF0QVhI5"
eng	negative	"RT @MichaelDinoff: #GOPDebates #ClownCircus Its always a Circus with these clowns!! http://t.co/89wRJDv1dl"
eng	negative	"RT @LemonMeringue19: Intelligence, class and charm are no longer requirements for the presidency, I guess. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @theyentareport: What? You want to know if any of the candidates hear strange voices in their head?  #mentalhealth #gopdebates http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @IanGaryTweets: This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"First debate seems to have had better moderators and Carly. Sorry I missed it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates : better than the Phantom Menace, but worse than Revenge of the Sith."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"Funny to see Megyn pretend to stick up for women (vs Trump) while championing the party that hates woman every single day. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tmservo433: Prediction: Donald Trump goes up in post debate polls. Because he looks no crazier than anyone else and more entertaining #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So God it it wrong 16 times #GOPDebates if all were told God told them to run !!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"Lots still searching for @realDonaldTrump on Google http://t.co/AkcODbzESt  but FOX focus group suggests trouble for the tycoon. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @nolatab88: "@SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to." I agr…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@NewDay Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell http://t.co/bgzYsy…"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LindaSuhler: Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: No, Scott Walker, you didn't "lash" out at the protesters in Wisconsin... You just had them arrested.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jeb Stands By "Act of Love"; Comments and Earned Legal Status [BOO] #NoAmnesty http://t.co/hImScrVikr #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDEBATES Made my Vagina Hurt!!!"
eng	negative	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @Apathycase: So, Trump buys politicians, used bankruptcy to his advantage, skirted laws for money, and admitted to wanting single payer …"
eng	negative	"RT @nolatab88: "@SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to." I agr…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@ChrisFranjola thank you for your courage, coverage &amp; sacrifice. You saved me from a dreadful evening. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Congrats @FoxNews... the  #GOPDebates were harder to watch than the rape scene in IRREVERSIBLE."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I'd rather have a boxing match &amp; let the winners advance. That'd be so much more entertaining than tailored questions. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @s_soliz: This is making me even more depressed that Jon Stewart is leaving.... He needs to do debate special shows. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""@SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to." I agree big time!!!"
eng	negative	"RT @nonsequiteuse: If you don't want alcohol poisoning from the #GOPDebates, play #YouHateIDonate instead. Pick a cause &amp; when the GOP hate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"they didn't even ask about climate change. not one question. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Aroww333: There is a time for attacks, I guess, but the real conversation should be on issues not "I'm better than so-&amp;-so" #CanIGetAnA…"
eng	negative	"Congratulating himself for at least coming off better than one other person in these fucking #GOPDebates? Yup"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"May I suggest turning down the audio on the #GOPDebates and listen to Queen - 'Live At Wembley Stadium' . http://t.co/l3yBnq5wkA"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @angie_brill: .@CarlyFiorina how many lies can be fit into one response while calling .@HillaryClinton a liar? Sheep!  http://t.co/2Rhxu…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@NewDay Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell http://t.co/bgzYsy…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MeanProgress: #GOPDebates .@FoxNews teams up with #Facebook? Poor #TCOT #CCOT sheep? Aren't you supposed to be boycotting? #p2   http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I can barely stay awake watching this thing, but I don't want to miss the Rose Ceremony. #GOPdebates http://t.co/TYugQqYM0Q"
eng	negative	"RT @angie_brill: #GOPDebates .@FoxNews teams up with #Facebook? Poor #TCOT #TCOT sheep? Aren't you supposed to be boycotting? #p2 http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"@jennybethm #MegynKelly #GOPDebates had a fave. #JebBush. #trump was ambushed. #FoxNews has changed for the worse #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @MeanProgress: #GOPDebates Not even being mean, the quality of production makes .@FoxNews look like a Public Access broadcast.  #UniteBI…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is an even bigger bully than Chris Christie. I'm astonished. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Alasscan_: #GOPDebates - put all of those men on stage in one body and you still don't have one decent President.  #IStandWithObama #Hi…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @angie_brill: #KochBrothers Hate .@realDonaldTrump? Never forget... YOU created all of this.  http://t.co/R5RRAXRFuo  #GOPDebates #FeelT…"
eng	negative	"Church and state. Then the #GOPDebates hmmmmm. http://t.co/7iTnBdmWp7"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates.  Thank god the longest Saturday night live skit ever is finally over.  What a disaster."
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to."
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to."
eng	negative	"Srsly America, if you give one of those guys the launch code to the nukes I live right under their flightpath, so *please* don't #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Alasscan_: #GOPDebates - put all of those men on stage in one body and you still don't have one decent President.  #IStandWithObama #Hi…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"RT @bryanlvt: I want Trump to run as an independent. I want to see an army of pissed off women give him some much deserved humility #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"He attacked a Fox female. she ain't liberal media. There's a difference. Hi Franklin.:) #GOPDebates https://t.co/ke33SK3jCW"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"This #GopDebates makes me realize we have to raise the standards of who we let our kids listen to."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@marcorubio  was a fail if u think he helped himself pls give me a cable show #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @MashUpRich: Who will have the bigger boobs? #Hooterspageant on FoxSports1 or #GOPdebates on FOX News? http://t.co/ZoztDd3MVx"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates - put all of those men on stage in one body and you still don't have one decent President.  #IStandWithObama #Hillary2016"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: What ever happened to the answers to how they were gonna take care of vets? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I can't believe I watched #foxnews for two hours. #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"@iDanielTX Have any of the democrat candidates pledged to secure a future and homeland for whites? #GOPDebates http://t.co/1SaWLh33hl"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I just to say this #GOPDebates #DonaldTrump is like a bully on a playground, all talk! We know what's wrong, #howdowefixit"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"You would do well to study the lamestream media's interpretation of the #GOPDebates tomorrow morn &amp; throughout the days."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"RT @MichaelDinoff: #GOPDebates #ClownCircus Its always a Circus with these clowns!! http://t.co/89wRJDv1dl"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @LemonMeringue19: Intelligence, class and charm are no longer requirements for the presidency, I guess. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I'm sorry but Trump was a total joke tonight. He took away valuable time from the other candidates. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @hyeyoothere: We have yet to talk about climate change. Oh yeah because republicans don't believe in that #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaRivers: Yes &amp; add I've got the best hair! RT @SalMasekela Rand Paul should have gone with, 'I've got curly hair!' and dropped the…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: We must repeal and replace Benghazi. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @PamelaGeller: Jim Gilmore is clueless on #ISIS. It's not a state? They already rule an area larger than the United Kingdom.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Missed both #GOPDebates. Although I do not feel I missed much except for @CarlyFiorina"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"Muting that #hashtag almost broke my #twitter #263removed #GOPDebates  #willmytweetbemuted?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I lived here in Florida for 8 years under Jeb w bush and I swear, no more... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: Man, I'm sorry, this has nothing to do w/politics, but #JebBush is totally mediocre here. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Although I'm confident @SenSanders could wipe the floor with any of the people at either of the #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Nice1Parker: #GOPdebates where the bell doesn't mean a thing #dingdingding 😂"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"I also would say that Jeb Bush was as wooden as Al Gore. #GOPDebates #NoMoreBushes http://t.co/2W2ZQjSkBu"
eng	negative	"can't believe I just watched Fox News for 2 hours #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I'd really like to see how long each candidate was given to speak.  It didn't seem "Fair &amp; Balanced" at all. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @sugaree71: IT IS OVER!!!!  Doubt I"ll be able to take many more  #GOPDebates.  Not enough popcorn in the universe!  Onto the #DailyShow…"
eng	negative	"RT @IanGaryTweets: This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"RT @ejabel2: “@RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸”ME!"
eng	negative	"So I turned on MSNBC for opinions on the #GOPDebates. They were talking Trump Trump Trump. Huh? Were they listening all night?"
eng	negative	"RT @LemonMeringue19: Intelligence, class and charm are no longer requirements for the presidency, I guess. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	".@politicalwire Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"FTW Ron. You nailed it he came close to telling Megyn to shut up. #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/2U15vmQLUD"
eng	negative	"Imma pay for this tomorrow... #GOPDebates http://t.co/3Y2kRZuMaI"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Rand Paul should have gone with, 'I've got curly hair!' and dropped the mic. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@JimNorton At this point I'd vote for whoever farts loudest and juiciest into the mic #GOPDebates #megankelly"
eng	negative	""I think Trump looks very unserious "... Ya think?? #CNN #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Rand Paul should have gone with, 'I've got curly hair!' and dropped the mic. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @landley: So @berniesanders is watching #gopdebates on television, and his staff is livetweeting what he yells at the TV: https://t.co/Y…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@NewDay Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell http://t.co/bgzYsy…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Truth "@WMUR9: @GovMikeHuckabee on the military. #GOPDebates http://t.co/1UQResMX0c”"
eng	negative	"RT @ejabel2: “@RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸”ME!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @IanGaryTweets: This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"RT @sugaree71: IT IS OVER!!!!  Doubt I"ll be able to take many more  #GOPDebates.  Not enough popcorn in the universe!  Onto the #DailyShow…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KyleAlexLittle: "A movement back to the 1800's" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Charlie how did #Kasich do? 😎👍🏻 #GOPDebates  https://t.co/S47O2TmKe8"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Senator Rubio, God has nothing to do with the Republican party... Get it right. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Do the #GOPDebates sound a lot like #CharlesDuring from #BestLittleWhoreHouseInTexas? #Dance #ALittleSideStep https://t.co/qsqdFY7Kyd"
eng	negative	"Not just Chris!-RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #ClownCircus Its always a Circus with these clowns!! http://t.co/89wRJDv1dl"
eng	negative	"Watching the #GOPDebates I can't help but think of Claire Underwood referring to political debates as "spectacle" in season 3 #Profound"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"It makes sense that #GOPDebates were on Fox if you don't think about it.Then again,that's how politics have been done for years. #ThinkMore"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear John Kasich, Beat your Republican friends with a gay tree branch : )  #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Only losers tonight were @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #GOPDebates winners @megynkelly #BenCarson"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Now Fox News pats itself on the back for nothing!! #GOPDebates #NoMoreBushes"
eng	negative	"#Kasich #Bush #Trump but Donald's numbers are going to slip. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/MXWrthApwk"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Wow. My primary source of entertainment for the next six months has been cemented. #GOPDebates #SoExciting"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"If you are Black and believe in the politics of this country then you are out of your god damned mind!!! #GOPDebates #JusticeorElse"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: TwitterLand: has God spoken to you about the #GOPDebates? What did she say?"
eng	negative	"I want Trump to run as an independent. I want to see an army of pissed off women give him some much deserved humility #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	".@NewDay Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @T_R_DeMuerte: GOP Closing Statements:  FEAR, FEAR, FEAR, GOD, FEEEEEEEAAAAAARRR!  Thanks, Obama.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @UsesBadWords: I honestly miss Mitt Romney now. All these buffoons are out of their minds. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: That was entertaining, only because I have seen them in action first hand. Congress is out of touch &amp; so are all the contender…"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"@exjon @redsteeze OR, if you’re @deppisch listening to #GOPDebates - https://t.co/vjIzzELJkY …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So we r clear GOP hates women, people of color, immigrants, the LGBTQ community, and non-Christians. Am I missing anybody?!? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Aroww333: There is a time for attacks, I guess, but the real conversation should be on issues not "I'm better than so-&amp;-so" #CanIGetAnA…"
eng	negative	"RT @nonsequiteuse: If you don't want alcohol poisoning from the #GOPDebates, play #YouHateIDonate instead. Pick a cause &amp; when the GOP hate…"
eng	negative	"GOP Closing Statements:  FEAR, FEAR, FEAR, GOD, FEEEEEEEAAAAAARRR!  Thanks, Obama.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Weak #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"If America is in such horrible shape, why are "the illegals" trying so hard to get in? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: And the winner is... The Koch Brothers #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @thejojophoto: Not Usually In To Politics...But This Is Good Entertainment #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"These people cannot run our country. I am literally afraid that they will. That cannot happen. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"That's a qualification? #reaching #GOPdebates #shevotes RT @ninatypewriter: "I'm the only one that separates Siamese twins." ~Dr. Ben Carson"
eng	negative	"Mike Huckabee and Bartles &amp; Jaymes would like to thank you for your support. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates.. It was fun but I really think I became more stupider.  Dear world.. please realize that most of us aren't that dumb."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates I also think Rand Paul is toast"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: What ever happened to the answers to how they were gonna take care of vets? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"It's official. Worst debate ever. #goodgrief #GOPDebates #Bernie2016"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"I need to order another green apple martini to process what the hell just happened. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"IT IS OVER!!!!  Doubt I"ll be able to take many more  #GOPDebates.  Not enough popcorn in the universe!  Onto the #DailyShow. #minnows"
eng	negative	"There is a time for attacks, I guess, but the real conversation should be on issues not "I'm better than so-&amp;-so" #CanIGetAnAmen #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"That was entertaining, only because I have seen them in action first hand. Congress is out of touch &amp; so are all the contenders. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Jeb Bush, Your Record, Sir is clear, you are a fucking ememy of the voting public... PERIOD. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	negative	"RT @jordiemojordie: YALL BETTER NOT LIE ABOUT GOD. S/he didn't talk to all of yall. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"And the winner is... The Koch Brothers #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Considering #FoxNews bias, the #GOPDebates did help to delineate the candidates! The differences are more clear now. #libertarian"
eng	negative	"I can't wait for Hillary Clinton to put the #GOP on blast during the Presidential debates! That woman got big cojones! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Aw, @JebBush, you can totes come over later for a good cry. I GOTCHU BOO. 👭 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I think we're going to run out of beer. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So unclear if I just watched a church convention or a political debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"To think we have more #GOPDebates to come. I can't take anymore more. #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@thepoliticalcat Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morning…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@KHOU @JebBush #GOPDebates he looks down on the base"
eng	negative	"Don't like how much time is being spent attacking Clinton &amp; Obama instead of talking about substantive issues. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Rand Paul, I'm a different kind of republican... yes, you are an sos pad dickhead. #Gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Prolife gun owners who believe in death mentality, War and God #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hopefully the next debates will be better this was meh #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Paging the Donald: you can't beat Jamaica in soccer either #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump: "Our vets need to be taken care of" – except John McCain, that loser! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Rand Paul, I'm a different kind of republican... yes, you are an sos pad dickhead. #Gopdebates"
eng	negative	"What ever happened to the answers to how they were gonna take care of vets? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jutne5: Anyone but Rand Paul... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@thepoliticalcat Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morning…"
eng	negative	"According to Huckabee the military is for "killing people and breaking things." America's problems suddenly make sense... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"None of them handled snakes. None of them spike in tongues. The #GOPClownCar hates evangelicals. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Was anyone else expecting Trump to say something super racist when he mentioned China and Japan? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"HA! Hahahahahaha! Ha ha ha ha!  .@RealDonaldTrump was beat up and got his ass handed to him BY A WOMAN - .@MegynKelly FTW!!! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How is surviving a recall like a badge of honor? Like shut up. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio's campaign slogan needs to be "from bar back to president" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Every time they say "wedge issues" I think they mean wedgies #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe https://t.co/cNSR5CHHAL"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Jeb Bush, Your Record, Sir is clear, you are a fucking ememy of the voting public... PERIOD. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kerrydiaries: Honestly not sure if I'm watching Mean Girls or #GOPDebates ?? Do you even go here??"
eng	negative	"@JebBush didn't have to tell us what his Daddy did for a living. #FoxDebate #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"We don't win anymore? Is this the playground? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We don't win anymore? Freedom won several weeks ago! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Santorum said he wants to make America the #1 manufacturing country.  Manufacturing is 20th century thinking. We need high tech. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Reminder: Bush #GOPDebates you run FLORIDA"
eng	negative	"Anyone but Rand Paul... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Republican candidates: All of our states are awesome. But for some reason not enough to stop country from sucking #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"Wow look at all the diversity in the GOP!  #GOPDEBATES"
eng	negative	"Huckabee is such a card.  #Gopdebates #VoteYall"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	".@thepoliticalcat Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe"
eng	negative	"#Bush is an idiot.... Sadly the idiot brother ran first.... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Did Scott Walker say he had a wife, two kids and a harlot? #GOPDebates #FoxDebates #ClownCarChronicles"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Ted Cruz, what do scriptures say about you lying about our very good President? That's what I thought #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @BrendanKKirby: If @JohnKasich hasn't wrapped up the mailman vote by the end of this debate, he ought to drop out. #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox Debate commentators should be ashamed for the way they've treated Trump! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates @Govmikehuckabee Have you no shame? U ever gone back  looked at the words you learned at seminary u know not bear false witness"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"Shout out to Bernie Sanders for slipping under the radar of these democrat jokes #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BlkPoliticSport: The Fox debate did not address the Voting Rights Act, Voter Suppression, Voter ID laws.  No surprise there at all.  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @steven_br: God blessed our country, the Republican candidates....but NOT them democrats. -Rubio #Paraphrase #GOPDebates you... http://t…"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Unless you're talking about our schools, air quality, water quality... #Kasich #GOPDebates  https://t.co/znljf0zJd9"
eng	negative	".@waltb31 @EricBoehlert @PeterHamby Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates @chrischristie putting 'terrorists' in jail, means locking up college students for calling vivisectors delusional. #count28"
eng	negative	"RT @BlkPoliticSport: The Fox debate did not address the Voting Rights Act, Voter Suppression, Voter ID laws.  No surprise there at all.  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"Freedom isn't free...did Ben Carson just go all Team America on this shit? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Literally I'm still pissed about the whole gay marriage issue. It's constitutional, please leave it at that, Republicans #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"Now Ben Carson wants to try and be interesting.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#BenCaraon is dull and an embarrassment to ANY PERSON of color #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"LOL #bencarson #GOPDebates but seriously you didn't answer the question"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: No, Scott Walker, you didn't "lash" out at the protesters in Wisconsin... You just had them arrested.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Seriously: GOP voters think God talks to presidential candidates? #ChristianBrotherhood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I want one of these white, and basically white men to just say-I'm rich,hella rich,I hate gays, blks and poor people VOTE FOR ME #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is Ted Cruz's slogan "If you hate Obama, vote for me"? Because boy is he pushing it #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz "undo all the Obama shit because" smh #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Closing statements! #GOPDebates http://t.co/950Mi0Erjz"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"Twist! Carly Fiorina just ATE CHRIS CHRISTIE #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz couldn't be president of his own tree fort #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz needs to find a suit that fits. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Cruz going to persecute religious liberty? Cool?"
eng	negative	"RT @ShawnDrurySC: Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"God said "I'm G.O.D. not G.O.P, idiots. Leave me outta this." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@BenCarson2016 and these zingers. Go away. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly Why were there absolutely no questions on the jobs or economy? @FoxNews that's what is polling the highest, right? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"Jeb: My father was...OH NEVERMIND. Parenting is so overrated. #GOPDebates #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mandy_velez: So trans soldiers can die for you Huckabee but you can't foot the bill to make them fulfilled as human beings? Really? #GO…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates none of them answered any questions directly."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is this a pity party? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @Lisa_Luerssen: The worst debate in the history of Republican debates!! Thank You Senator Ted Cruz for what time you had to debate! #GOP…"
eng	negative	"How many of these people's parents fled Cuba?! MY GOD it was great there! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @theyentareport: What? You want to know if any of the candidates hear strange voices in their head?  #mentalhealth #gopdebates http://t.…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Which flag are you going to blame on the continual murders in Chicago and Baltimore? U.S. Cities with high murder rates are Dem."
eng	negative	"Like come on what about the separation of church and state you guys are killing me. Screw you Fox News. :/ #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SaintGrimlock: Trump was thinking message from God, I haven't told these other guys anything....#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How is everyone's ancestry relevant to how they will run the country? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hoping #BlackLivesMatter rips #Carson apart for his comments. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @DrBHotchkins: They were lynching Black folks in "Jesus Name" so what's the relevance of the God question? #GOPDebates #FoxDebate #FOXNE…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Only thing that makes Rand Paul a different type of republican is the #hair  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear fox news moderator, you forgot to say chinese hacking started under the Bush Admin... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ok goodbye #GOPdebates time for #JonVoyage"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"And the #GOPDebates draw to a close with the same batshit self-assuredness of a cardboard sign on a highway offramp."
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"Funny all of um had middle-class up bringing-save for u know who. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @IanGaryTweets: This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"With the amount of the 'G' word I'm seeing on my TL in regards to the #GOPDebates it's obvious the Evangelicals got 'em by the balls!!? 😊"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http:/…"
eng	negative	"Perhaps they'll talk about racism if they're asked if God told them #BlackLiveeMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"These #GOPDebates 30 second last words are like the lamest freestyle raps ever."
eng	negative	"OK, can we cull the herd after these two #GOPDebates? Can we tell Pataki, Carson, Walker, Cruz and Perry to go home?"
eng	negative	"@RandPaul is from Kentucky? Shouldn't he sound like #ColonelSanders? #MakesYouWonder #IsHeAnImpostor #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is real life. These people are running for the most powerful office in the world. #GOPDebates http://t.co/LG74nHDeTw"
eng	negative	"You're parents were Illegal Marco! Can I call you Marco? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I can't help but think Dr. Carson has been hoping his "Gifted Hands" can make a way for his flailing mouth. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @shea_man: This isn't the republican primary, it's So You Think You Can Govern.  A new reality show. #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul: Im a different kind of Republican. Im the only one who's campaign staff were picked up by the FBI this week. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ouleye_ndoye: Aaand the question about the racial divide goes to ... *drum roll* ... the only black man on stage. #GOPdebates #overit"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So according to Rubio God has "blessed" Republicans with good candidates .but has NOT blessed the Democrats with one. WTF? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"When did it become acceptable to have God be a topic in political debates in this country?  #GOPDebates #shameful"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Not very impressed how the three Fox moderators handled that debate."
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Closing statements! #GOPDebates http://t.co/950Mi0Erjz"
eng	negative	"Cruz: "I receive the word of God everyday..."   God: "Don't blame me for this guy. There are pills for those voices."  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul, I'm a different kind of republican... yes, you are an sos pad dickhead. #Gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"Christie's dad worked at ice-cream factory.  Now I see it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How embarrassing. The whole world is watching this and they must be asking what is going on. #GOPDebates #Republicandebaters #Bernie2016"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: They fixed the VA yet there are no mammogram machines at our only VA hospital. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	""I don't know why the fuck I'm here"- Rand Paul #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I thought maybe @LILBTHEBASEDGOD was going to show up #GOPdebates but no  :( http://t.co/dRSoj9pN8z"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"Paul is the devil.... #GOPDebates I'm scared if he wins."
eng	negative	"Christie's dad worked in an ice cream plant. That explains it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#RandPaul is an embarrassment #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Right??? #Kasich #GOPDebates #HOmeRun  https://t.co/yvX1bJ7OFJ"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Wilberforce91: One of my favorite things about the #GOPDebates is how many of these candidates I've seen in person. Thanks @LibertyU &amp; …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Ted Cruz, what do scriptures say about you lying about our very good President? That's what I thought #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Nowwww @FoxNews decides to put names on the screen when they're speaking. #TooLate #AlreadyGoogled #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fix New Jersey first @ChrisChristie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Closing statements! #GOPDebates http://t.co/950Mi0Erjz"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: Anyone who uses God's name for hate is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Matthew 23:1-15 #Cruz and #Huckabee are not men of G…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Yes, respect like saying you'll punch people in their faces! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"We cut the military and fight teachers. - #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ouleye_ndoye: Aaand the question about the racial divide goes to ... *drum roll* ... the only black man on stage. #GOPdebates #overit"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Fox to Presidential Candidates: So lets all talk about God for a second.   Founding Fathers: Jesus:  #GOPDebates http://t.co/CF4CyiT15k"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mcmicha7: U.S. military spending vs other nations via @washingtonpost http://t.co/vBPXF8hqRF #GOPDebates http://t.co/StS4TNx3Kw"
eng	negative	"We already heard you say you were appointed on 9/10/11! Enough! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"This isn't the republican primary, it's So You Think You Can Govern.  A new reality show. #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @FoxNews"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Ted Cruz, what do scriptures say about you lying about our very good President? That's what I thought #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"I have a headache from the massive eye roll that I just did due to that closing question. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Carson playing the Booker T. Washington card and preaching "colorblindness"... #GOPDebates #trdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"Dear Fox News, here is my closing argument, None of the Gop candidates said anything to help the suffering of women or kids. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"On the low though the GOP wouldn't be a factor if they didn't pander to that religion so much #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Well Dr Carson...did you just dance away any race issues in this country??? #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE #Hillary2016"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordular: Wham, Bam, Thank You, Ann! How the participants of the #GOPDebates should be seen. #truthbomb http://t.co/sosrcPfVSJ"
eng	negative	"Ask EVERYONE The Questions About Race...#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Closing statements! #GOPDebates http://t.co/950Mi0Erjz"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"When Ben Carson  talks about race. #GOPDebates http://t.co/noxpKanwSX"
eng	negative	"Did you notice @ScottWalker nodding in agreement when @BenCarson talked about operating on the brain? #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	".@BenCarson2016: "We are the United States not the divided states." #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Carson, Carson, Carson: dammit man! Say the words racism and white supremacy to that audience! #BlackLiveMatter #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Sad that Trump didn't get to answer that question #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"MSNBC should host the #GOPDebates and Fox News should have the Dems. Then you'd get to watch Megan Kelly's brain explode on live TV."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Ted Cruz, what do scriptures say about you lying about our very good President? That's what I thought #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BrendanKKirby: If @JohnKasich hasn't wrapped up the mailman vote by the end of this debate, he ought to drop out. #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"LaurieCicotello : What Roxy Girl thinks of the #GOPDebates... @ Kaua'i … http://t.co/ZSMwzTkfFv) http://t.co/GVxKgHDXOQ"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Retweeted Sal Masekela (@SalMasekela):  These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I think Carson said his rivals for the nomination want to divide us.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"The skin doesnt make them who they are, the hair doesnt make them who they are, but sexual orientation - totally #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@RealBenCarson The skin doesn't make who they are! #GOPDebates The media is dividing us!"
eng	negative	"Oh Huckabee...what!?!?!?#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BlkPoliticSport: So now the Fox moderators are going to bring "God" into the next debate segment? Please....spare me....spare us.  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"They talk about God today tomorrow WAR #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates @ScottWalker #Democrats can't even find one good candidate #truthbomb"
eng	negative	"Dr. Carson talking about race is like trump talking about money. #Wrong #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Did They Really Just Ask The Black Candidate The Race Question!?!?!? Really??? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Rubio gets all kinds of applause for more or less being intolerant of religious plurality... #GOPDebates #trdebates"
eng	negative	"You ask the only Black Candidate the only race question? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Carson if you don't go have a seat in the back! It's about race becuz mofos are racist!!! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"God blessed our country, the Republican candidates....but NOT them democrats. -Rubio #Paraphrase #GOPDebates you... http://t.co/PgijYpJZdf"
eng	negative	"It's hard to pick one I dislike the most. #GOPdebates #clowncar Dems gonna kept the White House"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"RT @DanMoore755: The republican candidates are closing with their love for God. Democrats would never do that... Just sayin. #GOP2016 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Cruz: hardball ? Trump: smear ? Rubio: hardball ? Bush: what is your favorite color? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #MarcoRubio is just so "funny". ha ha."
eng	negative	"RT @NerdyNegress: #GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"RT @AnniesListTX: 44%? It's what TX Latina women make to the white man's $. Will the #GOPdebates stand for #equalpay for equal work? https:…"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates should win the Emmy for best comedy show"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This debate just makes me want to drink more #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"If God is LOVE...what are these men?!? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Marco Rubio's "blessed" count: 87. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	""The Democrats can't even find one." Marco Rubio #GOPDebates #Hillary2015 #BernieRocks"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Rubio thinks the Republican Party is BFFs with God and the Democrats can just suck it as God hates them.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate Final Statement: Please Pander to Religious Nutjobs and Illiterates. Go!  ##FOXNEWSDEBATE #GOP #GOPDebates  #RWNJ"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The republican candidates are closing with their love for God. Democrats would never do that... Just sayin. #GOP2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Low key impressed I only lost 1 follower tonight #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I'm certainly an imperfect man." -@ScottWalker   Isn't that the truth! SHUT UP &amp; GO HOME! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Line of the night From Rubio "God has blessed us with many candidates...Democrats can't even find one." Too funny"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Senator Rubio, God has nothing to do with the Republican party... Get it right. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"They fixed the VA yet there are no mammogram machines at our only VA hospital. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Rubio claiming God made a mistake in making Democrats. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I would just like to add that there is a SEPARATION of church and state, and it needs to stay that way. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@AnnTBush @OnlyTruthReign Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up/anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http:…"
eng	negative	"What is the Christian litmus test? Let's refer to the Constitution, shall we? #GOPDebates #FirstAmendment #Freedomofreligion"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"They were lynching Black folks in "Jesus Name" so what's the relevance of the God question? #GOPDebates #FoxDebate #FOXNEWSDEBATE #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"That last question was crap. The constitution, the supreme law of the land, should guide a president not the bible #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Swoldemort: Here comes Chase from Facebook, asking the important questions *hurts forearm making jerk off gesture* #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TheRachelFisher: You guys, separation of church and state is also in the constitution.#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@Edenza @bobcesca_go Oh God, please. I can't even form the words to say how stupid this topic is about God. She's pissed. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"Is this the PTL club?  Where is Tammy and her mascara? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"I can't tell if they are talking about God God or Ronald Reagan #GOPDebates #fb"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: No, Scott Walker, you didn't "lash" out at the protesters in Wisconsin... You just had them arrested.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"So we are going to wrap the #GOPDebates up without talking about the environment or gun violence?"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Closing round. Time for some God-blessed low blows at the Democrats. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"“@RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸”ME!"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: We must repeal and replace Benghazi. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Believing in "God" is not a prerequisite for the Office of the Presidency. Why are we talking about it? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I just LOVE how SOME men feel like they can CONTINUE to dictate a woman's steps 😡😡😡 #GOPDebates I'm about to catch on fire, I'm so mad!!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @ikariusrising: Please leave #Jesus out of the #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: We must repeal and replace Benghazi. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"These self righteous hypocrites, trying to out God each other. Shameless. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"GOD loves me even if I don't do as he says! Oops.. He forgives me not you! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I DONT BELIEVE HIM AND THIS IS WHY ALL FACTS DONALD TRUMP DISS’ by A DA RICAN on #SoundCloud? #np https://t.co/KlogXi5bJS #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"No, Scott Walker, you didn't "lash" out at the protesters in Wisconsin... You just had them arrested.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The question about God and the Veterans. What a softball. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I thought #LastComicStanding airs on Wednesday nights? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bingo! Put that in your article!!! #GOPDebates  https://t.co/xaAQWaG80f"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walker: God is cutting the UW budget. Talk to him. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Oh here we go. The veterans pawn. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is the point where we decide to elect a prophet #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"He just said that faith is second? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"What a slip up, Walker - "his faith" not "my faith" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is it required to mention God first in your closing? #GOPDebates #noseparationofchurchandstate"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walker took on 100,000 protesters IN THE NAME OF GOD. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Anyone who claims to be hearing from "God"every morning should not be fit to hold office...might be better to take your meds #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @jasper_deezy: Mike Huckabee quoting Limp Bizkit lyrics for his military talking points #BreakStuff #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This guy believes in miracles, get this cat up outta her #gopdebates http://t.co/9txkSzJOS2"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"I just want to hear the conversation between God and these Republicans, where they explain why they don't want to help the poor. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Please leave #Jesus out of the #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is this a primary debate or a Pawnee town meeting? #GOPDebates @parksandrecnbc"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So, in conclusion, how fucked-up were your parents and how Christian are you as a result? #GOPDebates #theyallhaveananswer"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NickSylian: From today to the time the next president has one year in office #22aDay will empty that arena. #GOPDebates #IAVA"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@AnnTBush @OnlyTruthReign Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up/anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mandy_velez: So trans soldiers can die for you Huckabee but you can't foot the bill to make them fulfilled as human beings? Really? #GO…"
eng	negative	".@CorrectRecord Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"Well God got more time than black lives .... This is definitely Fox and Definitely Republican #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@sportspickle when I saw this, all I thought of was you 😻 #elite #flacco #thoseguysontheleft #GOPDebates http://t.co/JFrU1lNffB"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@DumbGayBatman: All of the #GOPDebates candidates are hoping they're God's main girl. Spoiler alert they're all side hoes."
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I hope trump says, "I don't talk to myself" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@cenkuygur  Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordiemojordie: YALL BETTER NOT LIE ABOUT GOD. S/he didn't talk to all of yall. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @Lattisaw: No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Are going to go through every candidate's relatives' resumes??? #GOPDebates #fb"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"No minority in their right mind should be voting for anyone of these #GOP candidates! They don't have a clue about our issues. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates @megynkelly became the Republican version of @CandyCrowley tonight @TomiLahren @slone @CWforA @realDonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: We must repeal and replace Benghazi. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"sad to say that SNL hasnt written a comedy sketch as good as these #GOPDebates since the Housewives of Disney"
eng	negative	"We have yet to talk about climate change. Oh yeah because republicans don't believe in that #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @halhefner: The creepy blond commentator just promised us that #god is coming to the #GOPdebates after the break. http://t.co/E6T5ZG8xwp"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"Oh y'all spoke to God now? Cuz I heard she was busy making sure women could still get healthcare. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Pretty much didn't learn anything about anyone #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I stand against women, I stand for LIFE." - Ted "Pregnant Pause" Cruz #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We have a new army slogan. Kill people and break things. Hell yeah America #gopdebates #kill… https://t.co/Eulc7pBUPr"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@AnnStokes55 @FoxNews @cruzcrew He's too Conservative. They can't let him talk. Stupid #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hearing the candidates talk about God is actually terrifying. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Best quotes of tonight? Still think there's fire left in these whimps? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't affor…"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates This is No damn Christian revival. Cut it out."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Has any candidate received a word from God?! Presidential hopefuls?! This is America?! Christian Brotherhood of America #…"
eng	negative	"RT @GallagherPreach: It is just me or can anyone else not wait for SNL this weekend for the debate coverage? #GOPdebates #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"@Foxnews - Why has Cruz been disrespected? Why has Trump been disrespected. Seems Fox likes Rhinos these days! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordiemojordie: YALL BETTER NOT LIE ABOUT GOD. S/he didn't talk to all of yall. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"If you want to defend life, Cruz, make sure nobody dies during your administration if you're President! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear Ted Cruz, what do scriptures say about you lying about our very good President? That's what I thought #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: We must repeal and replace Benghazi. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"That dude pics was totally taken off of his tinder profile #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Senator Cruz, any word from God? Just spit out my tequila. Damn you Megyn Kelly, it was the expensive kind. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is dumb. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox News: God hasn't been in touch lately and we are really getting worried, he doesn't get along with people. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NickSylian: From today to the time the next president has one year in office #22aDay will empty that arena. #GOPDebates #IAVA"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Final question for #DonaldTrump your sons killed big game, Please comment on #CecilTheLion. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Seriously, that's the last question!!???? #GOPDebates #myeyesjustrolledouttamyhead"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"Could you see some of these candidates working with the J2? Like. Nawl. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"Church and state made up, yall. They are closer than ever #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I have to take a shower after this.  I am covered in "pandering" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Have you received a word from God? Oh Lawd...Here we go...and Yall know I love the Lawd but this is a mess #GOPDebate #GOPdebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Anyone who uses God's name for hate is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Matthew 23:1-15 #Cruz and #Huckabee are not men of God! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump is going to claim God gave him a campaign contribution. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Wait! Wuuuuuuuut? This was actually a question? I can't 🙈 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @MzDivah67: From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more impo…"
eng	negative	"Oh, Ted Cruz is still talking. I think I needed more ice cream #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Pudingtane: #gopdebates questions r worded like personal attacks, including half truths. They stated cops were targeting blacks. That's…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Really, that's the closing question? WHY?!?! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"No one cares about your daddy issues, Cruz #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates and there goes the 1st amendment."
eng	negative	"RT @TheRachelFisher: You guys, separation of church and state is also in the constitution.#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why the fluff is this a legitimate question? Like, First Amendment or separation of church &amp; state? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"YALL BETTER NOT LIE ABOUT GOD. S/he didn't talk to all of yall. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"THIS FUCKING QUESTION. THEYRE ASKING THIS TO POTENTIAL PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEES. HOLY SHIT #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @halhefner: The creepy blond commentator just promised us that #god is coming to the #GOPdebates after the break. http://t.co/E6T5ZG8xwp"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is Megan Kelly asking a troll question? #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PBoylen: @ScottWalker Russia &amp; China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than our own Congress! Boom! #RedNationRaising #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear friends, it may seem like this is fun to me but I'm really mad about how Republicans treat people who can't afford to live. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Kasich had a strong start to the debate but lack of questions led him to fade into the background. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateDems: I can barely stay awake watching this thing, but I don't want to miss the Rose Ceremony. #GOPdebates http://t.co/XHsJ9d4Q…"
eng	negative	"@jamiaw @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates see previous tweet"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tmservo433: Chris Christie: I want an unbelievably sized military. To intimidate people. Not at all because I haven't seen my penis in …"
eng	negative	"It is very disappointing that Fox News is not conducting a "Fair &amp; Balanced" Debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This might be the biggest problem with our budget maybe kind of (does not include VA benefits) #GOPDebates http://t.co/PiJKAW96i1"
eng	negative	"Fox loves Bush! Ugh! Give me Cruz!! #GOPDebates #GOPDebate #TedCruz"
eng	negative	"It is just me or can anyone else not wait for SNL this weekend for the debate coverage? #GOPdebates #GOPdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	negative	"RT @laurenreeves: "Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Commercial break! #GOPDebates http://t.co/NdE2oeJLmH"
eng	negative	"RT @PBoylen: @ScottWalker Russia &amp; China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than our own Congress! Boom! #RedNationRaising #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RedStateDems: I can barely stay awake watching this thing, but I don't want to miss the Rose Ceremony. #GOPdebates http://t.co/XHsJ9d4Q…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates  OH God ... How shall we Fucker Up the Bible tonight?  http://t.co/UzpmKFOSyQ  .@rudepundit .@JohnFugelsang #UniteBIue #p2 #TCOT"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie: I want an unbelievably sized military. To intimidate people. Not at all because I haven't seen my penis in years #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates must be one of the last political forums in developed nations where #god is invoked so frequently. #backasswards"
eng	negative	"RT @laurenreeves: "Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tonibirdsong: Oh @RealBenCarson you are brilliant &amp; I love you but please drink a few Red Bulls before the next debate. #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Ok now #foxnews not allowing @tedcruz to rebut!!  So not happy right now #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DougBenson: "I'll stop illegal immigration by closing all the bridges." -C crispie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"I guess they'll say the winner is Trump, because you know Trump is like the card games where something trumps another.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""We've been lied to, we need a strong leader who will tell the truth." -@ChrisChristie #GOPdebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"From watching the #GOPDebates it seems to me like #BlackLivesDontMatter  Bashing PBO over his "failed policies" is more important to them"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews shutting @SenTedCruz out of debate. Has not spoken In 30 minutes. Has to beg them for a chance to say anything !   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Remember, whatever you do, don't say that you agree with Dr. Carson....Ah Fuck!!!"-Christie's debate coach. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @JaxGotJokes: Phew. Looks like no democrats are gonna vote republican #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Why put commercials in the #GOPDebates? Don't they have little time already to NOT answer questions directly?   #BNRDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @laurenreeves: "Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The creepy blond commentator just promised us that #god is coming to the #GOPdebates after the break. http://t.co/E6T5ZG8xwp"
eng	negative	"When you don't wanna be in politics but you wanna see the shit show that predicates an election you watch #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"@GovMikeHuckabee You have no clue as to the kind of hard work &amp; commitment EVERY member of the military makes. @DeptofDefense #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"So…what are the foreign news services going to use for their segments tonight/tomorrow? #GOPDebates #Embarrassing"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"@keithalink Isn't it fun?! I'm wondering who's going to be kicked off the island? These guys are hilarious! #GOPDebates #StuporBowl"
eng	negative	"RT @Gauchat: Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@jamiaw @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates what's so funny about God and why the patronizing tone? Is it because media wants to demonize GOD?"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"Hopefully we'll find out where God stands on the taxing-pimps issue. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The run around is this debate is astonishing. #GOPDebates why is @FoxNews doing this?"
eng	negative	"RT @cat_1012000: Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #…"
eng	negative	"Had enough...going to bed #GOPDebates http://t.co/7DO3VJ9XcI"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"So now the Fox moderators are going to bring "God" into the next debate segment? Please....spare me....spare us.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	".@AnnTBush @OnlyTruthReign Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up/anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Next time we get Werner Herzog to host the GOP Debates. You know, so its less awkward. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @laurenreeves: "Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Sweetpea593: #GOPDebates they won't let #TedCruz speak!"
eng	negative	"This guy... #GoAway #GOPDebates https://t.co/Ifrw11Tfwo"
eng	negative	"RT @libertywwnf: Finally a question for Cruz. Iranian deal terrible Russia cyber attack. Reagan made Iran release prisoners #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I honestly miss Mitt Romney now. All these buffoons are out of their minds. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @laurenreeves: "Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"These #GOPDebates are a joke and the whole world is laughing at them rn"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Just began recording final #DailyShow on another TV.  A retrospective was already in progress!  Darn you #GopDebates #GOPDebacle #minnows"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @PBoylen: @ScottWalker Russia &amp; China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than our own Congress! Boom! #RedNationRaising #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Are they going to let Chris Wallace Speak or let the sychophant continue to look at herself in the camera before asking a q? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie - You want to increase our military troops?  While the GOP in Congress vote AGAINST veterans...  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So, was Huckabee trying to say the military decreased, because troops didn't want to serve alongside gay people? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: One question on one of the most important and urgent movements in the US today &amp; for long time. One question. #GOPDebates…"
eng	negative	"Can someone send this to #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter http://t.co/Jc9jhrrCPw"
eng	negative	"RT @Erika_Harvey_: "Way to not answer the question"  -my dad at the TV all night #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Hurry #GOPDebates! Watching #BigBrother in 13 minutes!"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Pataki is Pro-Choice and for me he is disqualified as a GOP candidate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"I can't handle 15 more of these #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Commercial break! #GOPDebates http://t.co/NdE2oeJLmH"
eng	negative	"Wait, is God coming to the #GOPDebates ?"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace SUCK!"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Stay tuned for closing statements, final thoughts, and God." And then I turned off the TV, I'm good. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"@ScottWalker Russia &amp; China know more about Hillary Clinton's emails than our own Congress! Boom! #RedNationRaising #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	""The military is not a social experiment. The military is designed to kill people and break things." Lol. #GOPDEBATES #huckabee"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Donald Trump, sniff a couple times, your head is in your ass #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jennrios1191: @BretBaier is by far the best moderator tonight. Hands down. #GOPDebate @FoxNews #GOPDebates Nice job Bret!"
eng	negative	"RT @Karatloz: you're playing as Yoshi but you're made out of yarn, the whole world is made out of yarn #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_RyanTurek: #GOPDebates brought to you by… STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON."
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"THIS ISNT A DEBATE!!!! This is a Q and A #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"LOL Cruz wasn't allowed to jump in on that comment Christie made.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @JuliaRheaTimme: WHOEVER IS THE MOST RACIST AND MISOGYNISTIC FOR TWO HOURS WINS! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	""The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things.." My soul is aching... My God! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Did they... did they just say God would be there after the break? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Could you make God anymore awkward @megynkelly ?!? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I would expect this farce from the BOTTOM-tier, butttttttttttt.......... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We looooooove violence and the military and intimidating people #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Tim_Landers78: Do we really need to make the largest military power in the world bigger? #GOPDebates #warmongers"
eng	negative	"These people specialize in superlatives and hyperbole. Makes for good TV, but bad politics. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Man, these guys really LOVE vomiting out numbers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"What kinda dream land is Chris Christine in #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We already have the two largest armies in the world, Chris. That's not how this works #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"WHOEVER IS THE MOST RACIST AND MISOGYNISTIC FOR TWO HOURS WINS! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Zero veterans among these "how fast can I go to war" candidates. Easy putting other people's kids in harm's way #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"@AminESPN Ben Carson is proof that even if you're a neurosurgeon who looks like Marvin Gaye..you get 0 face time in the #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Do we really need to make the largest military power in the world bigger? #GOPDebates #warmongers"
eng	negative	"Yes he did @BernardGoldberg #GOPDebates. Not even a nice try lib!"
eng	negative	"We looooooove Israel so much. #hypocrite #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Asking about abortion - where are the women? Asking about the military - where are the veterans? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Yeah they are ignoring him. #Carson #GOPDebates  https://t.co/DSU6T7E1wN"
eng	negative	"#Huckabee attacks #trans #medical care at #GOPDebates."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Anyone think we'll get questions on #climatechange?  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Don't tell Mile Huckabee about military integration or Ted Cruz about Iran Contra or any of these guys about history in general #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@onesedonia: Huckabee wtf... #GOPDebates  Lol Thanks @BeesKnees_pdx"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Where did Rand Paul even come from?  What a yahoo. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Republican talking points: Iran, Immigration, military. Hate and War. Same old shit. #GOPDebates #RepublicanDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"This group #gopdebates are idiots. Don't think Dems have to worry about losing the White House."
eng	negative	"@EODChick @GovMikeHuckabee I thought I had seen it all. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Truly the greatest show on earth. #GOPClownCar #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @mandy_velez: So trans soldiers can die for you Huckabee but you can't foot the bill to make them fulfilled as human beings? Really? #GO…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"In 15 mins, we'll go from 8 blowhards who talked a lot, but didn't say much, to 1 guy whose work spoke volumes. @TheDailyShow #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"CDM @RWSurferGirl  9m9 minutes ago Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"I can't wait to not remember all these bros names. #GOP #GOPDebate #GOP2016 #ClownCar #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Absurd statement by Huckabee #GOPDebates  https://t.co/H41d93xlgN"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"No @RandPaul everyone has said they are "the only one on this stage" literally everyone has said that already #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ccabrera83: Ben Carson is saying military didnt hv capability to strike Assad. Goodbye, dude. Youre nuts. #gopdebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	""The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things." - #MikeHuckabee  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @landley: So @berniesanders is watching #gopdebates on television, and his staff is livetweeting what he yells at the TV: https://t.co/Y…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Like that crazy inter-racial thing? #Huckabee on military-"not a social experiment." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"There are a lot of #orange people on the #GOPdebates  HA!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""To kill people and break things." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"I can't believe Ted Cruz just referenced Reagan and the hostage release. Most people don't know about weapons for hostages.#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"Mike Huckabee thinks transgender people can't kill people or break things? He'd better ask somebody. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I have a friend that looks and talks just like Ben Carson, it's ruining the debate for me. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"FYI US defense spending compared to other countries #GOPDebates http://t.co/0l8Ct4fgCO"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"If i was playing a drinking game, where i took a shot every time they remembered Ben Carson was there, I'D BE SOBER.  #Token, #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: These fox news debates are no more than comedy at the laugh store... it's all for fun. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"So trans soldiers can die for you Huckabee but you can't foot the bill to make them fulfilled as human beings? Really? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Jeb Bush, Your Record, Sir is clear, you are a fucking ememy of the voting public... PERIOD. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Wasted opportunity to ask a doctor what science is #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebacle #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @jsn2007: "The military is not a social experiment." @GovMikeHuckabee Does that include women too? You have no idea. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	""The disaster is that we forgot that we have a military" yes, just yes #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"If my IQ were 80 or less, I think these assholes would seem really coherent.   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: These fox news debates are no more than comedy at the laugh store... it's all for fun. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	""Define 'shore up,' you ignorant motherfucking jackass." #GOPDebates #GOPDbate #BenCarson"
eng	negative	"RT @elleryprescott: Why don't they all just chant "war" together?   #GOPdebates #republicandebates #debate #GOP #debatewithbernie"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"I feel like Mike Huckabee would smell like Fancy Feast cat food and Bengay #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate @ScottWalker looks gormless. I don't know but he reminds me of the kind of guys I avoid trying to hit on me in bars! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: These fox news debates are no more than comedy at the laugh store... it's all for fun. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	""The military is not a social experiment." @GovMikeHuckabee Does that include women too? You have no idea. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	""Kill people, and break things" that quote is terrifying. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	""Russia knows more about Hillary's emails than we do!" Zinger point for @ScottWalker #GOPDebates #"
eng	negative	"Cruz refers to terrible "Obama-Clinton foreign policy" of the past 6 years. Kerry has been SOS since 2/13. #GOPDebates #ClownCar  #clueless"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"On Russia, @ScottWalker endorses sending arms to Ukraine. #LZDebates #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordiemojordie: Mike Huckabee: "The military is not a social experiment."  ...and being transgendered is?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"I bet Scott Walker has a well-worn pair of Crocs. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jamiaw: "The purpose of the military is to kill people and break things"-Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates #KKKorGOP"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"These fox news debates are no more than comedy at the laugh store... it's all for fun. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: One question on one of the most important and urgent movements in the US today &amp; for long time. One question. #GOPDebates…"
eng	negative	"I wonder what kind of progressive views Mike Huckabee has on transgendered people. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Mike Huckabee on trans people "Kill people and break things" #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"“@msgoddessrises: Damn I'm out of Peach vodka! #GOPDebates” too bad move to vino!"
eng	negative	"The purpose of the military is to kill and break things? This is news to me.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Mike Huckabee: "The military is not a social experiment."  ...and being transgendered is?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Wait- Ben Carson is actually in these debates? What does he do in his downtime? I hope he brought a book. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Lukewearechange: where is this evidence that these hacks talk about when it comes to Syria #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"So FoxNews just shut down the debate stream on SKY.  Just a little controlling are we?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@dccc @PPFA Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/b…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"Because he wore his klansman cap last night and it messed up his part #GOPDebates #Democrats https://t.co/YcMDUP7Ikm"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson is saying military didnt hv capability to strike Assad. Goodbye, dude. Youre nuts. #gopdebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker, what about YOUR email controversy?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"When you find moosh, you push... I've been saying that for years #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Nope @HillaryClinton I feel like " #Hilliary2016forPrison " #GOPDebates #NoMoreLibsOrRinos #ccot #MakeDCListen #pjnet"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Wow, Walker says that Russia/China probably know more about HRC's emails than Congress does. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"It seems the candidates used their 1st amendment right to free their speech from the context the questions provide. #GOPdebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I have a real foreign policy question.." "Wait, wait, I have this great Hillary Clinton joke." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Damn I'm out of Peach vodka! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Zero questions on deflategate. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This Roast of Hilary Clinton needs Jeff Ross #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Ben Carson take my advice and try to be the surgeon general"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Basically #GOPdebates http://t.co/HlhKGeybX3"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear fox news moderator, you forgot to say chinese hacking started under the Bush Admin... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"😂😂😂😂👍🏻 I tune that poser out! #GOPDebates #CruzhatesGayPeople  https://t.co/XaWah7FbT8"
eng	negative	"Who is the fox news guy with the white lady movie star tiny nose job? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"I'm sure Ben is not ready for any of this. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We need a "Donald Trump Red Zone" for these #GOPDebates...it just show us the parts where he speaks."
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why don't they all just chant "war" together?   #GOPdebates #republicandebates #debate #GOP #debatewithbernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Looks like they're skipping climate change, that's like talking about white walkers in Kings Landing #GOPDebates #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @Lukewearechange: where is this evidence that these hacks talk about when it comes to Syria #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ben, dont go with the argument Romney used and got rocked for #HorsesAndBayonettes #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Solution to everything = war. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @secretcabdriver: Bernie Sanders would wipe the floor with ALL of these clowns. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates: proof that some people are still willing to blow a dead man."
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: #DonaldTrump The only difference between me &amp; other candidates is that I’m more honest &amp; my women are more beautiful.  …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates I thought Ben Carson went home, he's been so quiet"
eng	negative	"Hey #GopDebates, Ronald Reagan has no relationship to you assholes, he pardoned millions of mexican americans #BOOM"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"where is this evidence that these hacks talk about when it comes to Syria #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"*Lady screams bloody murder* Trump- "I agree" BEST MOMENT OF #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Consequences of Obama/Clinton admin..." Like increased diplomacy, rational decision-making and working to eliminate xenophobia? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"😂😂😂😂 Drink!!! #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/Az9GUGMCGU"
eng	negative	"Ted, look at history: that was a deal to bolster Reagan! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"LOL Cruz is seriously going with hey Reagan came into office and Iran was scared and released the hostages?! LOL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How many times will Reagan be brought up?? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatChrisGore: Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @letsgetfree13: Megyn Kelly: How would you defeat ISIS in 90 days?  Ted Cruz: With my Green Lantern ring, of course.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Trump: I think war should happen with Iran. Cruz: We need war with Iran sure, but maybe Russia also #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Oh shit. I forgot Ted Cruz was up there still #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Chris Wallace, These guys have a better plan than President Obama? Make the popcorn kids, this is going to be stup…"
eng	negative	"Race discussion was over quicker than that Rousey fight. GOP could care less about Black people! #RepublicanDebate #FoxNews #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @vanesa_44: This debate is like a bunch of high school girls viciously but sweetly campaigning for Prom Queen. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ted Cruz's mutant superpower is fear-mongering. #TedCruz #TedCruz2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why is everybody orange? #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I wonder if any of these candidates actually have an idea other than "Obama is an idiot" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiunion #GOPDebates”"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @vanesa_44: I CANNOT TAKE DONALD TRUMP SERIOUSLY PLEASE LEAVE BYE  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MoustacheClubUS: c'mon, megyn, let's get to the issues: jade helm, fluoride, "trayvon riots," fema camps, freemasonry, the trilateral c…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	""Abandoning our allies." That's Ted Cruz hyperbole. Drink, folks. #gopdebates #fb"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Cruz talking about leading from behind is laughable since he wants to be behind on the 21st century with social issues! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DoubleDipChip: Why aren't they enforcing the don't speak after the bell rule? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @emberlivi: Now America understands why DC has brunches with bottomless mimosas #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Way to not answer the question"  -my dad at the TV all night #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	""@RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸" @ericbolling"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Donald Trump, sniff a couple times, your head is in your ass #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear fox news moderator, you forgot to say chinese hacking started under the Bush Admin... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @OwenSmith4Real: I wish they’d ask which politicians actually read the Iran deal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"#Kasich is killing it Joe when are you putting John on @Morning_Joe #GOPDebates  https://t.co/5ftJRp0Uwb"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Future #GOPDebates should be rap battles like @HamiltonMusical. Know what?  Dems too. More factual, more policy focused. More engaging. #fb"
eng	negative	"Are they trying to knock out Paul and Trump by asking them all of the questions? #GOPDebates many are getting ignored"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Trump all worried about being nice. He's been acting like a total mean girl for two months. What's changed now?! #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Another non-answer from Trump!   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think #donaldtrump answered the actual question asked.  #talkingpoints #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump can't be mean to Obama, but calling a woman a dog and saying she looks good on her knees. That's cool... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"AwRIGHT for cutting right to commercial after ONE response! #GOPDebates #BlackLivesMatter #DontLetTrumpSpeak"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_KingMalcolm: I am pro life unless a cop is involved - GOP candidates #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Newsflash, JEB - You won't unite the country with #CommonCore. Please!  LOL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"WHAT? Skipping #BlackLivesMatter and rouge policing to talk about Russia??? Not that Russia is not important but seriously #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Fox is over this. Turning this into breaking news. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"We can do better #DebateQuestionsWeWantToHear #GOPDebates I am not here bashing but results and Accomplishments!"
eng	negative	"Fox News cites itself as a news source in the #GOPDebates. Athena help you, candidates, in giving a fact-based answer."
eng	negative	"Why aren't they enforcing the don't speak after the bell rule? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Donald Trump, sniff a couple times, your head is in your ass #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @secretcabdriver: Bernie Sanders would wipe the floor with ALL of these clowns. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @racquetball54: I hate when they call Social Security an entitlement. The  government doesn't fund Social Security you and your employer…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: One question on one of the most important and urgent movements in the US today &amp; for long time. One question. #GOPDebates…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Jesus! Who was letting out that banshee scream?! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Donald Trump, sniff a couple times, your head is in your ass #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Ask Trump Question you get: SQUIRREL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mette_mariek: Here's a dog that looks like a panda. #GOPdebates http://t.co/x3qV5dhkVp"
eng	negative	"Trump is such an ass #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates ENOUGH TRUMP MORE @tedcruz @FoxNews #cruzcontrol2016"
eng	negative	"too ba that flies right over their heads #GOPDebates https://t.co/Pd8GDmcl3e"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_KingMalcolm: I am pro life unless a cop is involved - GOP candidates #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear Donald Trump, sniff a couple times, your head is in your ass #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Now America understands why DC has brunches with bottomless mimosas #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @ccabrera83: Jeb Bush just lied. And poorly. #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Are you going to let @tedcruz speak again? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Chris Wallace, These guys have a better plan than President Obama? Make the popcorn kids, this is going to be stup…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Trump you're avoiding the question #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Sometimes, I just want to rip my vagina off, give it to a republican, and be like here you deal with it #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"RT @DanMoore755: Am I the only one who doesn't trust @RandPaul #RandPaul #GOP2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #USA #Merica"
eng	negative	"@keithboykin @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"- No longer any true #conservatives in politics; or Kennedy #democrats for that matter #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @KayEm60"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @DanMoore755: Am I the only one who doesn't trust @RandPaul #RandPaul #GOP2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #USA #Merica"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly Stop framing your questions as an attack. Sound like a liberal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cpnote: Kacinich; "some of my best friends are gay"#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"@EdgeofSports Megyn Kelly's hair extensions are doing an excellent job tonight! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DanMoore755: Am I the only one who doesn't trust @RandPaul #RandPaul #GOP2016 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #USA #Merica"
eng	negative	"RT @secretcabdriver: Bernie Sanders would wipe the floor with ALL of these clowns. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"- No longer any true #conservatives in politics; or Kennedy #democrats for that matter #GOPDebate #GOPDebates @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"@_BrothaG: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @libertywwnf: This debate? I know nothing more and probably less about these candidates now than I did this morning :-( #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@JebBush  is out #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is Fox News we knew damn well that they won't like gays or black people #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @rossramsey: Twitter is the transcript of all of us talking to our TV sets… #gopdebates https://t.co/px9hHatLd8"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @Pudingtane: #gopdebates questions r worded like personal attacks, including half truths. They stated cops were targeting blacks. That's…"
eng	negative	"@GeekNStereo: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I'm popeye the sailor man... #GopDebates http://t.co/4jO4UQng89"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"This debate? I know nothing more and probably less about these candidates now than I did this morning :-( #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"c'mon, megyn, let's get to the issues: jade helm, fluoride, "trayvon riots," fema camps, freemasonry, the trilateral commission #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@marksluckie @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@rolandsmartin @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Chris Wallace, These guys have a better plan than President Obama? Make the popcorn kids, this is going to be stup…"
eng	negative	"@TwinmomSue Sending troops to our mommy-parts! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Paul: I'm talking about getting warrants from judges. Go get a big hug from Obama"
eng	negative	"RT @_KingMalcolm: I am pro life unless a cop is involved - GOP candidates #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@ColorOfChange @megynkelly @ScottWalker @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@HipHopPrez @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@DebsSay @FoxNews @Ted I noticed too! #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates they keep starting with Bush GRR"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Via @NPR: Why Is Milwaukee So Bad For Black People? http://t.co/ftGSvpR78q #ScottWalker #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@pattonoswalt @MedievalTimes He sure did. Come on down to the border, with its jousting, jugglers and large meats! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@InvisibleObama @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Newsflash, JEB - You won't unite the country with #CommonCore. Please!  LOL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @reelthyme17: Believe it or not I'm not getting any air...  #GOPDebates http://t.co/lIP17r5HNj"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@dccc @PPFA Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/b…"
eng	negative	"Only one question on black lives matter? Wow! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @secretcabdriver: Bernie Sanders would wipe the floor with ALL of these clowns. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Hey @FoxNews ! How absolutely fearful are you of @SenTedCruz ?   I'm LOL at how you refuse to ask him questions! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"@sbellelauren @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is like the TV show "Review" right?  They have to review obvious topics and fuck them up.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@dccc @PPFA Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/b…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@EdgeofSports @Dr_DrewZC: #BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Straight Outta Compton commercial on Fox News. Well played. 🙌🏿 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bernie Sanders would wipe the floor with ALL of these clowns. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"They call this a debate? More like festival of regurgitation of lame talking points #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RaisedByCulture: Unborn lives are more important. That's what these men are saying #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Go back to Canada Asshole #GopDebates http://t.co/rUgCy5JvZQ"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Wowww they went through the #BlackLivesMatter like they don't matter. One candidate then its commercial time. Shit"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear #GOP, Nobody likes Abortion, we just don't want republicans raping our children and getting away with it. #GopDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DanMoore755: @RealBenCarson and a few others aren't getting any time to debate. In a real debate everybody gets involved. #GOP2016 #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"LMAO who watches #FoxNews is going to watch the NWA movie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_RyanTurek: #GOPDebates brought to you by… STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON."
eng	negative	"Who else got a Straight Outta Compton commercial during #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox Ignoring Dr. Carson is a HUGE mistake! Lots of criticism coming tomorrow! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Newsflash, JEB - You won't unite the country with #CommonCore. Please!  LOL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#BlackLivesMatter is a cop killing movement. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: Is Kasich aware that he's making sense? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@TriciaNC1 @LUCruzCrew @FoxNews only has talked to Ted three times as of now. Why? #GOPDebates #GOPDebate #gop #TedCruz"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear #GOP, Nobody likes Abortion, we just don't want republicans raping our children and getting away with it. #GopDeb…"
eng	negative	"Hey Chris Wallace, These guys have a better plan than President Obama? Make the popcorn kids, this is going to be stupid... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates questions r worded like personal attacks, including half truths. They stated cops were targeting blacks. That's not true. #toct"
eng	negative	"#kasich just admitted having attended a same sex wedding.  That's the sound of his shot at the nomination circling the drain.  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates brought to you by… STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"Also why did ya'll backward ass MF's only ask the moderates about social issues #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: "There's no reason today why am American citizen should walk the streets with a loaded gun" Ronald Reagen #RandPaul #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	".@dccc @PPFA Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"So does Trump have any substantive policies or...? #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"ONE "race" question. LOLOLOLOL #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_Darling_Nikki: 😂 RT @SupermanHotMale Little bitch fight alert ---&gt; : D #GopDebates http://t.co/13q9KKoaSX"
eng	negative	"Walker answers questions like he's at Miss America pageant #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"drink every time a candidate says Reagan  #rnc #gop #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MallieBee: Let's just decide who our next #president is by having a Political Hunger Games #presidentialdebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Religion &amp; business degrees: the elective mental illnesses! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates are going to make me an alcoholic!"
eng	negative	"Finally talking about race 100 min. In and CUT TO COMMERCIAL #BlackLivesMatter #GOPDebates #GOPDebacle"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"This guy-#Walker speaks like he has a stick up his ass. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Megyn - Did you call #Trump2016 names? Bush - Not me! Megyn - Ok!   Seriously??? Crucify him like you do Trump! #GOPDebates #Biased"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"Same mistakes #Republicans have always made, they still make tonight- not pandering to the feelings of female voters. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Oh, we'll hear them talk about discrimination on those who discriminate others but LGBTS being discriminated is ok to them.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Saying "all lives matter" should have been worth points in the #FantasyGOPDebates league. Missed opportunity there. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @racquetball54: I hate when they call Social Security an entitlement. The  government doesn't fund Social Security you and your employer…"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly just asked is black lives mattered?!? #GOPDebates #SayHerName #BlackLivesMatter"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul: I don't want my marriage or guns to be registered in DC.  Now, who on this stage is packing? Im Denny Crane #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TheBeatlesRule4: "When did you actually become a Republican?" BOOM SHOTS FIRED AGAINST TRUMP #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ira: At this point, talking about 9/11 at #GOPDebates has gone on longer than "Who is A?" on Pretty Little Liars"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BethBehrs: Classy. #GOPDebates  https://t.co/pZpyl1rdU6"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @radmax: Trump "often sounds like more of a Democrat than a Republican". Stop trying to make Liberal Trump happen! We dON'T WANT HIM!!!!…"
eng	negative	""When did you actually become a Republican?" BOOM SHOTS FIRED AGAINST TRUMP #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"Hmm which chapter in the bible says we should all have guns? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Told you! And he called @govsandoval ??? #Kasich2016 #GOPDebates  https://t.co/YDJeEvL31x"
eng	negative	""There's no reason today why am American citizen should walk the streets with a loaded gun" Ronald Reagen #RandPaul #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MHVadney: Kasich's answer on gay marriage was reasonable for someone who dislikes it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"No questions about the recent rise of Police brutality in communities of color?  Oh wait....it's the #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #FoxDebate this is ridiculous!!! Bashing Trump &amp; ignoring Cruz!!!"
eng	negative	"Dear John Kasich, Beat your Republican friends with a gay tree branch : )  #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SpudLovr: #True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiun…"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"Half of the people in the #GOPDebates look like characters from an @nbcsnl sketch."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"#True Number of #Walker16 aides convicted of felonies higher than number of WI Voter Impersonation cases in past 30 yrs #wiunion #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@CaroMT your baby's life is not yours to destroy and be sold on the open market #tcot #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Can I prosecute christian for dumb questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"You see the people in the audience looking around when they clapped for Gay Rights. People were like, da fuk... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @morme1966: @jko417 @HindaRifka Trump starts off with every monologue with it being about him .. #liberalismsyndrome #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Who invited Jeb Bush to a gay wedding?!??! #GOPDebacle #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear #GOP, Nobody likes Abortion, we just don't want republicans raping our children and getting away with it. #GopDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Angrily shouting that the people on the other side of the idealogical fence are "dividing the country" is really silly. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Let's just decide who our next #president is by having a Political Hunger Games #presidentialdebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Lindsay Graham will show us what is flat broke.  He is flat broke of good ideas.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@cenkuygur  Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http:…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Forget the #GOPdebates and let's talk about this Ronald Raven.."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"My glass is empty for the second time. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Layup for Kasich on traditional marriage. 2 points for @brittanygadams. #FantasyGOPDebates #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bankruptcy. The Donald Trump master plan for the USA that must look appealing now to Joe Hockey &amp; Tony Abbott. #GOPDebates #auspol"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Will Ben Carson get the same-sex marriage question? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@JebBush Trump is divisive. I want to win too! Get @realDonaldTrump out of there. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @morme1966: @jko417 @HindaRifka Trump starts off with every monologue with it being about him .. #liberalismsyndrome #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnniesListTX: 44%? It's what TX Latina women make to the white man's $. Will the #GOPdebates stand for #equalpay for equal work? https:…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	".@cenkuygur  Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Newsflash, JEB - You won't unite the country with #CommonCore. Please!  LOL! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @smdabbs: #Huckabee seriously can't go a debate or interview without mentioning pimps and/or prostitutes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Yup he "Unites" ppl.-he's a uniter. JEB. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Firstoff your first offs all suck! Just get to answering the questions at the #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"44%? It's what TX Latina women make to the white man's $. Will the #GOPdebates stand for #equalpay for equal work? https://t.co/GucIuhwhCe"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Ask Trump a legitimate question. Look at Wallace's face when Trump nails it. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jebby, the only people dividing this country are Republicans like you with your rhetoric and hate.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	""I defunded Planned Parenthood" hey Jeb- which state is among the lowest for women's health? Oh wait yeah that's #Florida. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnyhooT2: This is great - let's have a bunch of rich entitled MEN make decisions about #PlannedParenthood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"Bush is going to prolife through bond ratings. I don't get it. But he does have a lot of money. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Lindsay Graham doesn't have a clue who the American people are anymore.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fsxbc: Trump sez- Four, FOUR times I've taken advantage of the law, and as your prez, I'd be honored to do it again. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"People who say they are #prolife are usually anti-social programs... They know that a society is a group of people right?! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How cool would it be if every time they changed topics, Mike Huckabee played a sick Seinfeld bass line? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Go back to Canada Asshole #GopDebates http://t.co/rUgCy5JvZQ"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @TheRachelFisher: You guys, separation of church and state is also in the constitution.#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @ThatJoeMeyers: Nothing like a bunch of men discussing what they believe about a woman's body and her choices for that body. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@miamidecor Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http:…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Wtf stop calling upon Bush to talk let @RealBenCarson speak for God's sake"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mandy_velez: Just a friendly reminder that Mike Huckabee wanted to quarantine people with AIDS in '92. http://t.co/5KuY4lVEuM #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	".@bimmerella Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #ObviousAsHell #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @alex_uriarte88: Basically everybody is like... #GOPDebates http://t.co/CHNq09Vhp5"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"@jko417 @HindaRifka Trump starts off with every monologue with it being about him .. #liberalismsyndrome #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Just_JDreaming: "Listen...I AM REAGEN YOU FOOLS"  - Donald Trump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ugh terrible answer trump #GOPDebates  bush, #shutup!"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush just lied. And poorly. #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear #GOP, Nobody likes Abortion, we just don't want republicans raping our children and getting away with it. #GopDeb…"
eng	negative	"I now know who Rand Paul copied his hairstyle after!! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #RandPaul @Bidenshairplugs http://t.co/v8Rj97SBwg"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates wow is this really a good question because it starts out as violent http://t.co/cUOuNn9pem"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"@JebBush in a culture of #life, who's #livesmatter ? Maybe you should rethink the effectiveness of standing ones ground. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear #GOP, Nobody likes Abortion, we just don't want republicans raping our children and getting away with it. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"I'm surprised we haven't seen the reappearance of the Twitter Whales tonight due to the popularity of the #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @trplnrdscre1: "I defunded Planned Parenthood. I created a culture of life." PP = healthier people, parents &amp; babies &amp; LOWERS no. of abo…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDEBATES Still nothing about the VA.  I guess their all scared to talk about the dead!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"When did you become a Puppet for Hillary Trump?? #tcot #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"One of #Trump's friends kids just found out he was supposed to be aborted. #oops #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""You guys are fucking mean to each other, let's talk about it!" #GOPDebates or #MeanGirls?"
eng	negative	"This is great - let's have a bunch of rich entitled MEN make decisions about #PlannedParenthood #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Trump just evoked Reagan, hey why not? All republicans do to help their base"
eng	negative	"Trump "often sounds like more of a Democrat than a Republican". Stop trying to make Liberal Trump happen! We dON'T WANT HIM!!!! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush more like please just stop #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"They know Ronald Reagan is dead, right? #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RaisedByCulture: Unborn can't yet speak but have more rights #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Megyn Kelly is GIVIN IT to Trump.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"the #GOPdebates makes me want to crack open my "Institutional powers and Constraints; Constitutional Law". lol"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"LET ME GET SOME STREET CRED BY GIVING A SHOUT OUT TO RONALD REAGAN. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	""Listen...I AM REAGEN YOU FOOLS"  - Donald Trump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Kiarri_: Huckabee looks like one of those Muppets up in the balcony. His name even sounds like one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Kiarri_: Huckabee looks like one of those Muppets up in the balcony. His name even sounds like one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Every time the camera cuts to Trump, he's grimacing like he's trying to break wind but avoid the shart... #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fritzisdead: Life begins after this debate ends. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I am pro life unless a cop is involved - GOP candidates #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Nothing like a bunch of men discussing what they believe about a woman's body and her choices for that body. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Definitely in need of a new tax system. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bush's idea for education reform, destroy the teacher's union. Common core is wrong and so is attacking our teachers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Now you idiots don't even stand for abortions for rape &amp; incest survivors. @JebBush #Unbelievable #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fritzisdead: Life begins after this debate ends. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"According2my Twitter peeps, I didn't miss a thing tonight. #GOPDebates same empty rhetoric w/no solutions to REAL issues. #GOPIsInBigTrouble"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RaisedByCulture: Unborn lives are more important. That's what these men are saying #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Okay GOP candidates if anyone if you have a uterus you can speak on abortions, if not STFU! #GOPDebates #StandwithPP"
eng	negative	"RT @DWSTwit: Jeb Bush "deciding" what women should do with their bodies! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Planned parenthood coming up... I apologize in advance for any super drunk twitter status updates...  #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"My take on all of this stuff on abortion:  https://t.co/YZLJablBQ4   #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Rubio doesn't understand that there is a Bill of Rights #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"Dear Marco Rubio, just shut the fuck up, you are neither entertaining or wise. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #…"
eng	negative	"Hey Rand, say negotiate one more time #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Chris Christie more like Chris Please Stop Supporting the NSA #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @smdabbs: #Huckabee seriously can't go a debate or interview without mentioning pimps and/or prostitutes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jebimiah talking about respect for life. GOP cares only about the unborn. Once you're breathing, forget about it.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordiemojordie: Jeb!, Planned Parenthood is NOT just about abortions: they provide contraception and women's healthcare to low income w…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Oh boy: "social issues" = GOP code for who can control women's bodies &amp; sexuality the most. Hold on tight, TwitterLand  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I never said that, I think rapes women should definitely have that baby!" Marco Rubio #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @fritzisdead: Life begins after this debate ends. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Any presidential candidate who partners with Michael Bloomberg is NOT ok in my book, #JebBush. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates Yes!"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: "My record is clear. I hate women who want affordable birth control and STD screenings." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @annleary: "My record is clear. I hate women who want affordable birth control and STD screenings." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"YOU FUCKING DICKSHITS - PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS NOT AN ABORTION EMPORIUM. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Life begins after this debate ends. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates respect life? What about a woman's life?"
eng	negative	"RT @fieldnegro: GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Does Marco Rubio wear Invisalign? #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Planned parenthood takes care of so many other things not just abortions .. Wtf. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""My record is clear. I hate women who want affordable birth control and STD screenings." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Why isn't #MegynKelly grilling #JebBush about the FACT his grandfather helped to FOUND #PlannedParenthood? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Jeb Bush, Your Record, Sir is clear, you are a fucking ememy of the voting public... PERIOD. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush "deciding" what women should do with their bodies! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why doesn't Chris Wallace ask the other politicans about their finances and where their money comes from? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  …"
eng	negative	"Dear Jeb Bush, Your Record, Sir is clear, you are a fucking ememy of the voting public... PERIOD. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"You're all "pro life" until when it comes to actually taking care of life with healthcare ie Planned Parenthood #GOPDebates #StandwithPP"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Need I say more http://t.co/Vb5bDjR1K9"
eng	negative	"So basically fuck women is what Jeb says #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Some facts on Jeb's state after he defunded Planned Parenthood. Turns out, bad for women! #GOPDebates http://t.co/m58SDh7JTb via @MicNews"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Trump has no integrity- Trojan pony show easily bought &amp; paid for by Hillary #tcot #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker more like Scott Please Walk Away #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @AcerbicAxioms: Is @FoxNews going to ask #Trump2016 any more POLICY questions? Or just character smears? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #MakeAme…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDEBATES   Why is no one talking about what is happening at the VA.  Disabled Vets are dying every day!  Does no one care!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"#PlannedParenthood should be funded in Florida - because Floridians... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: This demagogue infuses hate in God's name he is NO CHRISTIAN. #GOPDebates https://t.co/0F4AjNhEIt"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KateAronoff: Who hates women the most? GO. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I'm ain't 'bout dem big ol' sloppy abortions, nuh-uh. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	".@miamidecor Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Well no mater what happens in this debate or the election I think everyone is realizing we're pretty much screwed. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @ScottLinnen: You screwed Atlantic City more ways than the Kama Sutra with Trump Taj Mahal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I need to go do something else, but train wreck....... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Carly Fiorina would have fixed the problem? Does fixing the problem mean firing everyone? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bush did a nice deflect there.  Did you see that?  He practiced!   #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"GOP candidates still beating their chests over losing.#gopdebates   https://t.co/iCqusR68AD"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DougBenson: "I'll stop illegal immigration by closing all the bridges." -C crispie #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: @tedcruz and @realDonaldTrump need to take control of this debate,  they can do it, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Democrats should pay attention to Trump's performance tonight. He's still a racist. But everything he says is popular. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why don't you just call this the Bush interview? @megynkelly  #GOPDebates #tcot"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Trump threatening to run as independent if he doesn't win the nomination. Who does that remind me of?  #GOPdebates http://t.co/14wFPz4qoW"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SalMasekela: That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Who hates women the most? GO. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Imagine if @SenWarren could bitch slap these motherfuckers? Oh to dream the impossible dream #GOPDebates @billmaher"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Just a friendly reminder that Mike Huckabee wanted to quarantine people with AIDS in '92. http://t.co/5KuY4lVEuM #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The commercials are my fav part of #GOPDebates, like Super Bowl Sunday but horrifying"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly don't lie, these are not gentlemen. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly @BretBaier Shame on you both. How much did you all get paid to attack Trump? #GOPDebates #FoxNews"
eng	negative	"Watching #GOPDebates. @kylemooney has got to play Scott Walker for the political sketches in the new series of #SNL"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Okay when do the actually candidates debate and not these street performers? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @fergie_spuds: You would do a far better job @Frank_Underwood @KevinSpacey #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"So was the other debate like a bringer show? You need 7 friends to come if yo want to say terrible things about foreigners. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"From today to the time the next president has one year in office #22aDay will empty that arena. #GOPDebates #IAVA"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJennaBee: Rand Paul's hair will be sold as calamari after the debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How about we have them give the rest of the candidates Taboo Buzzers to use when Trump speaks?! LOL #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This businessman is seriously irritating me with his bias. #tcot #GOPdebates #skynews"
eng	negative	"RT @MashUpRich: Who will have the bigger boobs? #Hooterspageant on FoxSports1 or #GOPdebates on FOX News? http://t.co/ZoztDd3MVx"
eng	negative	"Remember when #obama did a good job? Hahah I don't  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Retweeted CDM (@RWSurferGirl):  Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 󾓬󾓦  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"That moment you realize you're watching Fox News and your not in handcuffs. #GOPDebates http://t.co/5L9INki5SF"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This demagogue infuses hate in God's name he is NO CHRISTIAN. #GOPDebates https://t.co/0F4AjNhEIt"
eng	negative	"This song is on repeat in my head when I watch #GOPDebates https://t.co/7RSjNZl1rW"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @girl_onthego: Wait, they haven't hit social issues yet? #GOPDebates - the gift that keeps on giving."
eng	negative	"“@RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates  Taunting!!!!"
eng	negative	"Hilarity aside, the #GOPDebates make me weep for #Vaginas nationwide."
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@sallykohn These Republican Christians should know Jesus doesn't approve of lying or needless wars or ignoring the poor. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Total Theatre on Fox news tonight, no basis in fact at all... it's all garbage. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"The candidates talk about Iran like gamers talk about enemies in Destiny.Take out Iran! Obama can't get us to level 32! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Have they only asked #TedCruz two questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"I've always hoped a mailman's son would make it in to office. They understand everyone's plight-- lost mail. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	".@dthomicide Cancel primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"RT @MaryFolley: Huckabee tax plan gonna make it hard out here for the pimps. And the hos. And the drug dealers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Kiarri_: Huckabee looks like one of those Muppets up in the balcony. His name even sounds like one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"After insulting women $ the LGBT community, I'm not sure I can handle these guys talking about social issues in the next round. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"Keep running on Obama's policies with the economy. Republicans think all people are as stupid as they are #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	""Trust but vilify" was my line some 20 years ago against GOP neocons.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @joeynovick: #GOPDebate #gopdebates #TheDayOne question: I'd vote for the guy who's says "On Day One? I'm gonna chill. I'm f'kin exhaust…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Thanks @FoxTV for holding the #GOPDebates Now millions of people KNOW you're no better or balanced then MSN, ABC, CBS... #InTheTank"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The #GOPDebates should require all debaters to do a keg stand prior to speaking or answering questions"
eng	negative	"It's called "screaming like a fascist" for a reason #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I'm  frustrated that  the "top" candidates are getting lion's share of time. Guess I'm a socialist regarding debates. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Storming here and directv satellite is coming and going. Let me know If THE DONALD actually ^answers^ a question! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hey #FoxNews, planning on giving #TedCruz chance to speak? You're trying to marginalize him as you do on your daily news cycle. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@ScottWalker obviously you're not running your own Twitter account either because you're at the live GOP debate! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"@seanpmccoy #Blaw-blaw-blaw #gopidiots R full of #hot-air! These #Radicale #TEABAGGERS on the #GOPDebates R full of #shit. Redneck  #loosers"
eng	negative	"This reboot of Golden Girls sucks #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I wish they’d ask which politicians actually read the Iran deal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @grimmtales02: #GOPDebates if Jed bush wins presidency does that mean we get more of that hilarious show LIL BUSH? ✋👊"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"What are the republican candidates going to do to keep nuclear weapons out of the wrong hands? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@Ali_Davis My money's on sickoqueer #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @ncsr18: Muppet show. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @fsxbc: Trump sez- Four, FOUR times I've taken advantage of the law, and as your prez, I'd be honored to do it again. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Have they only asked #TedCruz two questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #gopdebates #TheDayOne question: I'd vote for the guy who's says "On Day One? I'm gonna chill. I'm f'kin exhausted, dude.""
eng	negative	"Wait, they haven't hit social issues yet? #GOPDebates - the gift that keeps on giving."
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"What about the Manson Family? #GOPDebates  https://t.co/mz3W3oRACw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Tax the pimps! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"You know. Huckabee- I can see it. It's like this country is overflowing with pimps... 😒#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @b140_tweet: Does this remind  you of #Trump's lips #GOPDebates http://t.co/Ph9L6DrInF"
eng	negative	"RT @Kiarri_: Huckabee looks like one of those Muppets up in the balcony. His name even sounds like one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined …"
eng	negative	"Ignore the fact that our Allies negotiated the Iran deal with us. Why not just bomb them?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"“@JimmyJames38: Why is Huckster getting so much air time? #GOPDebates” maybe because he's worked for Fox News?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Does #donaldtrump know that the USA can't declare bankruptcy and stiff our Chinese creditors?  #askingforafriend #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Damn... I'd turn Republican for this. #GOPDebates http://t.co/jP3gDzjWCm"
eng	negative	"RT @fergie_spuds: You would do a far better job @Frank_Underwood @KevinSpacey #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Ugh, every time the GOP invokes Reagan it means the Redline is on delay…again #GOPDebates #ZombieReaganRises"
eng	negative	"@megynkelly and @BretBaier are the GOP's new Trump attack dog.    Never saw that coming.    #GOPDebates @FoxNews #Shameful"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: You would never know @realDonaldTrump  is the frontrunner from watching this debate. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Have they only asked #TedCruz two questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJennaBee: Rand Paul's hair will be sold as calamari after the debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Pres Obama has more brains in his little toe than all you totally fucking idiots have in your whole families combined #BOOM #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bg…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Reps. so angry about the Iran Deal, fair enough, but please offer a solution instead of whining about an attempt at peace/talks"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJennaBee: Rand Paul's hair will be sold as calamari after the debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@GovMikeHuckabee no one takes you seriously #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_HerKing__: For your entertainment. #GOPDebates http://t.co/rEAvo89PTj"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ScottLinnen: You screwed Atlantic City more ways than the Kama Sutra with Trump Taj Mahal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"These candidates know that stupid pipeline doesn't give any oil to the states right? Why would you be for that crap? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TheJennaBee: Rand Paul's hair will be sold as calamari after the debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump has a FRESH Gaussian blur on that hair #Republicandebate #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates if Jed bush wins presidency does that mean we get more of that hilarious show LIL BUSH? ✋👊"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Dear Rand Paul: Did you READ the Iran Agreement?  .. I doubt it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ok. This has gotten boring now. See you soon, Jeb. @GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 #GOPDebates #PresidentialDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @winkbarry: Take care of people who've worked hard and played by the rules? #WRONG #Christie! You're not paying into NJ pension. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Farrellelisms: Please end these excruciating introductory childhood anecdotes, I am trying to stay awake #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee. I'm calling bullshit about partisan politics..#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why is Huckster getting so much air time? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear Rand Paul: Did you READ the Iran Agreement?  .. I doubt it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I don't think you actually read it Huckabee. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee looks like one of those Muppets up in the balcony. His name even sounds like one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @emberlivi: I hear the rumbling beneath the FEDRAL TRIANGLE WHICH HOUSES THE EPA...THE REAGAN BUILDING #GOPDebates #ZOMBIEREAGAN"
eng	negative	"Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #CantTrustABush #morningjoe http://t.co/bgzYsySfSU"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Leave it to the #GOPDebates to make me break my #socialmediafast. What a bunch of asshats!"
eng	negative	"😂 RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"For your entertainment. #GOPDebates http://t.co/rEAvo89PTj"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @JimmyJames38: Flat tax for the win #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I hear the rumbling beneath the FEDRAL TRIANGLE WHICH HOUSES THE EPA...THE REAGAN BUILDING #GOPDebates #ZOMBIEREAGAN"
eng	negative	"I DARE one of you guys to pronounce "Iran" correctly. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@RWSurferGirl This #GOPDebates is so biased against Trump and others, it's not funny!"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I sympathize with child molestors" what I assume @MikeHuckabeeGOP is saying anytime his mouth opens #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker remembers tying a yellow ribbon.. He was 5 years old going on 6 then. Heck of a memory. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @thisbrokenwheel: People who five minutes ago were advocating for more violence in the Middle East now straight-faced defend the sanctit…"
eng	negative	"Yeah I'm skipping the #GOPDebates #mentalhealth"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"WHY WHY WHY with ALWAYS the Reagan stuff?! #letitgo #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is @FoxNews going to ask #Trump2016 any more POLICY questions? Or just character smears? #GOPDebate #GOPDebates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul's hair will be sold as calamari after the debate. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SwayzeGuy: Some of these guys are nailing it, unfortunately @megynkelly put herself at the center of tomorrow's headlines. Pathetic. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox News is obviously trying to influence the makeup of the Republican field. 🇺🇸  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @capitalV: If the moderators followed up every lip service rant with "ok, how?" this debate would reveal everything you need to know. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"Shame on @Foxnews. They R doing what @Obama does - trying 2 make  winners &amp; losers. Loving @realDonaldTrump #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: #Perry, #Fiorina clips on #IranDeal are better than most answers being given in this debate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"You would do a far better job @Frank_Underwood @KevinSpacey #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NYCdeb8tr: We need a good and bad egg chute...to weed out these politicians...boos just aren't cutting it. #GOPDebates http://t.co/fon9…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker: Don't do business with Iran, just the crooked Koch Brothers... Way to go Dickhead Walker #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"@WubsNet mike Huckabee wants to slap a hoe (with taxes) #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump sez- Four, FOUR times I've taken advantage of the law, and as your prez, I'd be honored to do it again. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Chatney_Grimm: $40 for a blowjob...plus tax. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @WillyHCates: #BNRDebates #GOPDebates Is Mike Huckabee about to tax prostitution???"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"Please end these excruciating introductory childhood anecdotes, I am trying to stay awake #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mette_mariek: Donald Trump is @eddiepepitone's best character ever. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @_alexandragold_: *Roots for small businesses* *Campaign is almost completely funded through large corporations* #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walker answering on Iran. First straighten out our Brewers. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Aww, Scotty Walker tied a yellow ribbon around a tree.  Give him a cookie, and a beer. #GOPDebates #WhoCares"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Can someone tell me why Ben Carson is carrying water for people who will barely let him speak? Racism much? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates @FoxNews. Frightening to think the media is giving so much attention to a man who uses the word "stupid" SO much!#DonaldTrump"
eng	negative	"RT @Mariacka: Have they only asked #TedCruz two questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Maybe, 'Greedy Old Perverts?' #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"If the moderators followed up every lip service rant with "ok, how?" this debate would reveal everything you need to know. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Have they only asked #TedCruz two questions? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"The GOP not supporting the Iran deal is scary...and they are spreading misinformation; just lets us know they want a war. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: At what point am I suppose to stop laughing and start crying? #GOPDebates #DebateWIthBernie"
eng	negative	"This debate reminds me how much I'm gonna miss #JonStewart #GOPDebates #GOPDebate #TheDailyShow @jonstewartbooks"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaPainUSA: While Ted Cruz is speaking, all over America parents are tryin' to convince their 5 year olds that vampires aren't real. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @tmetz1226: Everyone in my stream is watching this #GOPDebates show, which has to mean FOX is going to cancel it soon."
eng	negative	"RT @ken2ts: Huckabee is the devil. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Mike Huckabee, Leave Prostitutes alone, you are one also... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDEBATES Are they going to allow Toby...I mean Ben to speak again?"
eng	negative	"They better turn up the lights because there's an awful lot of shade being thrown on this stage. #GOPDebates #Republicandebate"
eng	negative	"Sure, Marco Rubio, let's give ALL businesses more tax breaks.  Put more stress on the backs of the middle class and the poor.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"There's a LOT of make-up on that stage... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"No substance in this debate, just Trump entertaining #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"At what point am I suppose to stop laughing and start crying? #GOPDebates #DebateWIthBernie"
eng	negative	"Rick Perry just won this debate. #lowstandards #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"This is the lamest 10 man cage match in WWE history! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#BNRDebates #GOPDebates Is Mike Huckabee about to tax prostitution???"
eng	negative	"RT @jesslstoner: KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Rubio can hardly keep to the script...#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goodmanhere2: He was almost to Bitches &amp; hoes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump sure does have a way of turning the question round @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates #FOXNEWSDEBATE"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is starting to remind me of this guy. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates http://t.co/qoFPMIhaye"
eng	negative	"RT @MayflowerBetty: Damn freeloading pimps! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Suddenly #Trump is worth over $10 billion today....suddenly up from only $9 ???"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #MikeWallace, as a moderator, you are supposed to be impartial and not air your personal contempt for #DonaldTrump. @megynkelly"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KatMurti: Someone should send them this link: http://t.co/bGOf3gKp5L #Cato2016 #GOPdebates https://t.co/zrKV1tsjNV"
eng	negative	"RT @nonsequiteuse: If you don't want alcohol poisoning from the #GOPDebates, play #YouHateIDonate instead. Pick a cause &amp; when the GOP hate…"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump - keep giving him the mike 💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨💨and he may blow himself right off the stage... #GOPDebates 👀"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"I think Rubio is putting us all in a trance with his calm voice and his weird actually answering questions. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @msgoddessrises: "I have never gone bankrupt" WTF???? "Read My Lips! #GOPDebates #Trump"
eng	negative	"You screwed Atlantic City more ways than the Kama Sutra with Trump Taj Mahal. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Want to help small businesses Rubio? Protect them from greedy landlords and unfair rent practices.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"If you want the Democrats to win the 2016 Presidential election you should give all the money you can to Donald Trump. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: And with his brother ran the economy of the United States into the ground #Jebby #GopDebates http://t.co/VI9yjYrst8"
eng	negative	""I'm a straight up dickhead who screws over all people!" @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump The U.S. Can't afford to file bankruptcy. #GOPDebates #StandWithRand"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump: Banks aren't babies. They are killers. Hell yes I got away from bad deals, and I can make the USA a scofflaw too! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Thanks Fox News, you're raising @realDonaldTrump 's ratings. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jordanajason: The only thing "illegals and prostitutes" have in common is that their both better than u Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dumbo is on stage. *these views do not reflect the views of Walt Disney. Mostly because they're not racist enough #GOPDebates #RubiosEars"
eng	negative	"I'm not going to watch the #GOPDebates . I'd rather read tweets from @pattonoswalt &amp; @ChrisFranjola More entertaining &amp; informative."
eng	negative	""Please don't ask me about The Jews" -Marco Rubio's inner voice  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Rubio thinks international trade began 5 years ago. East India company started on Facebook. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Chris Wallace = poor moderator #layofftrump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MaryFolley: Huckabee tax plan gonna make it hard out here for the pimps. And the hos. And the drug dealers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Most of these cats act like they HATE women, blacks and Mexicans #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeBrockett: I love how the candidates are talking all kinds of shit about each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @abs_tellthetale: You're not a successful pimp if you have to depend on Social Security. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Lying sack of crap #GopDebates http://t.co/cYWUM8mQ6r"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @abs_tellthetale: You're not a successful pimp if you have to depend on Social Security. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Rubio is the junior at the Dad's man cave. He can't break out. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @bbowers1906: Trump's hand gestures are second to those of the season one Power Rangers #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Huckabee seriously can't go a debate or interview without mentioning pimps and/or prostitutes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This moderator is probably pure evil and pisses on puppies in the morning, but his faces to the camera are hysterical #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@realDonaldTrump is the new @SarahPalinUSA #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mette_mariek: Donald Trump is @eddiepepitone's best character ever. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @winkbarry: Take care of people who've worked hard and played by the rules? #WRONG #Christie! You're not paying into NJ pension. #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Number 1 Union Buster and ememy of working folks everywhere #GopDebates http://t.co/XP5UqTWsKu"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AFP_NH: Another issue that's hindering middle income and small biz growth in the nation is burdensome regulations from the #EPA. #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump obviously has hearing loss at the upper end of his range, because he can't seem to hear the beeping of the timer. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump is @eddiepepitone's best character ever. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @b140_tweet: Does this remind  you of #Trump's lips #GOPDebates http://t.co/Ph9L6DrInF"
eng	negative	"The only thing "illegals and prostitutes" have in common is that their both better than u Mike Huckabee #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"what about the issues on the VA and our veterans? #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mostwiselatina: #LatinosListen #GOPDebates What is wrong with this picture? One A/A man. And no women. We make up 52% of population. ht…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Trump sidestepping his 4 corporate bankruptcies of which he is evidently proud."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"Yup. GONE! #GOPDebates  https://t.co/blsTL0JtKT"
eng	negative	"RT @abs_tellthetale: You're not a successful pimp if you have to depend on Social Security. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Jacque_s_: I took advantage of the law, so has everyone else. I deserve to be president.   NO YOU DO NOT. #GOPDebateS"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"So #donaldtrump apparently thinks it's ok to default on creditors if they're not nice people.  or "not babies".  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @HannahKeowen: DONALD TRUMPS HAIR LOOKS LIKE COTTON CANDY #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: "Pimps are prostitues" I now have to chug all my wine didn't think that was gonna make it in #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox seems to be doing a hit job for GOP on @realDonaldTrump #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @marymauldin: Dig into everyone's financials if you are doing that to #Trump !  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ncsr18: Muppet show. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	""Trump is the human version of a cankle" @TheRealOdeya #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Leslie_Muse: I might be ambivalent about the current Democratic candidates, but I sure as hell am not ambivalent about voting for a Dem…"
eng	negative	"Trump is like a petulant child #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @abs_tellthetale: You're not a successful pimp if you have to depend on Social Security. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How much do voters care that lenders lost money on @realDonaldTrump bankruptcies? #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cheeriogrrrl: The men on this stage think they're capable of making decisions about women's health care,when they don't believe in #sci…"
eng	negative	"RT @viadear: Huckabee wants to improve our economy by taxing, "pimps and prostitutes who are freeloaders."   We're in trouble, America. #GO…"
eng	negative	"Is this episode of the apprentices #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Trump is a victim! I use the laws just like hundreds and hundreds of people! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Let's talk about how big my company is and how many employers I have. @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Does this remind  you of #Trump's lips #GOPDebates http://t.co/Ph9L6DrInF"
eng	negative	"Trump's hand gestures are second to those of the season one Power Rangers #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates where the bell doesn't mean a thing #dingdingding 😂"
eng	negative	"Trump proving to be a stellar statesman.  #not. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NYCdeb8tr: We need a good and bad egg chute...to weed out these politicians...boos just aren't cutting it. #GOPDebates http://t.co/fon9…"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""Why can't everybody else be as skilled at manipulating loopholes to screw over their investors as me? It's not my fault!" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I took advantage of the law, so has everyone else. I deserve to be president.   NO YOU DO NOT. #GOPDebateS"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We know you're rich Donald Trump. Really rich. Now can it. #GOPDebates  #BeerTweets"
eng	negative	"Pimps and drug dealers!!!!! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"#Huckabee talking about pimps and prostitutes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Jeb bush has so many money overlords that he could not ever effectively govern... #BOOM #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"If only we'd stop getting the candidates we deserve... #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"SALACIOUS: relating to sex in a way that is excessive or offensive. #Huckabee #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee wants to improve our economy by taxing, "pimps and prostitutes who are freeloaders."   We're in trouble, America. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Hey Huckabee, I don't think that "pimps" &amp; "prostitutes" can file for social security benefits based on their jobs..."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"so wait he said he didn't use it and now says "when I used it?" #bankruptcy #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"Never say never. You may go bankrupt one day @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"DONALD TRUMPS HAIR LOOKS LIKE COTTON CANDY #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"You're not a successful pimp if you have to depend on Social Security. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Please ask him about the illegal immigrants that work for him #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cheeriogrrrl: The men on this stage think they're capable of making decisions about women's health care,when they don't believe in #sci…"
eng	negative	""I have never gone bankrupt" WTF???? "Read My Lips! #GOPDebates #Trump"
eng	negative	"RT @IamMillTalk: And if they don't stop saying #ObamaCare. Affordable Healthcare Act, yo damn #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Yep, Trump is drunk. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump: I have never gone bankrupt... Really donald? REALLY DONALD? You fucking liar... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Mike Huckabee, Leave Prostitutes alone, you are one also... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"I'm missing the comedy of the year. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Trump struggling to explain bankruptcies. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Cruz: We have to be willing to call it radical ISLAMIC terrorism. We need to make joining ISIS a death warrant."
eng	negative	"Muppet show. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"How many times has Trump declared bankruptcy? #SeriousQuestion #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Finally. The pimps and prostitutes are gonna cover me. #huckabee #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: These politicians and former government employees really hate politicians and government. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	""So in conclusion - yes I hate America" -Trump #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Take care of people who've worked hard and played by the rules? #WRONG #Christie! You're not paying into NJ pension. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"$40 for a blowjob...plus tax. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee tax plan gonna make it hard out here for the pimps. And the hos. And the drug dealers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"Trump being told about his company's bankruptcies.  #GOPdebates http://t.co/mXK2E4f7os"
eng	negative	""Pimps are prostitues" I now have to chug all my wine didn't think that was gonna make it in #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"Wait did he say Pimps and Prostitutes #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump's toupee got me feenin for some cotton candy. Mmmm yum. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @NYCdeb8tr: We need a good and bad egg chute...to weed out these politicians...boos just aren't cutting it. #GOPDebates http://t.co/fon9…"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Who's fault is it, that the system is screwed up. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Fox is totally burning Trump here...if he surges after this ass kicking I give up. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Gov. Huckabee, end retirement for Congress. I say force them into O-care too. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Mike Huckabee wants to end Congress's retirement plan to save the American people's. And Tax pimps and drug dealers. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: #GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Paul: "I want to collect more records from terrorists and fewer from Americans.""
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"He was almost to Bitches &amp; hoes. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#pimpsNhoes -Huckabee #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Damn freeloading pimps! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @YoungGOPGums: Did Huck just say he wants to protect the SS benefits of pimps and prostitutes? #GOPdebates."
eng	negative	""Illegals", "prostitutes"...and the dehumanizing racism and misogyny just keep on going #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"RT @goldietaylor: Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"Illegals, prostitutes, and pimps... #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @EmEps: Everything is the prostitutes' and pimps' fault, right Huckabee? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Hey Mike Huckabee, Leave Prostitutes alone, you are one also... #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"And if they don't stop saying #ObamaCare. Affordable Healthcare Act, yo damn #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Jebby talking changing tax code to fix "job killers".  Is that Jebspeak for give corporations more tax breaks?   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"So "illegals" are on the same level as "the pimps". #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"If I hear one more crack dealing pimp bragging about collecting social security, I'm really gonna lose it. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Lol and there's the first weird comment of the night #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@mdreifuss whaa? Prostitues pay taxes?? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Let's hear more about prostitutes and pimps tho #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Did Huck just say he wants to protect the SS benefits of pimps and prostitutes? #GOPdebates."
eng	negative	"Everything is the prostitutes' and pimps' fault, right Huckabee? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Yep, it's the pimps and drug dealers that are the problem with this country. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee is the devil. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Jebby talking changing tax code to fix "job killers".  Is that Jebspeak for give corporations more tax breaks?   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee. #GOPDebates http://t.co/Zy12bdUkx9"
eng	negative	"2nd 6 pack! #gopdebates gotta drink when listening to bs! http://t.co/qHGgPOaI5A"
eng	negative	"#thereisnoObamaCare it is called the #AffordableCareAct #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"Some of these guys are nailing it, unfortunately @megynkelly put herself at the center of tomorrow's headlines. Pathetic. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#Huckabee is against pimps and prostitutes. Got it. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates I'm all for a fair tax but your argument is a little soft #Huckabee"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Dr. Ben Carson, you, Sir need a labotomy #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie Hates cops. #pensions #FOP #ThinBlueLine #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"*pimps* #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Christie has only pointed out the problems but hasn't revealed a solution #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: The fundamental problem is @FoxNews and the GOP party #GOPDebates #DebateWIthBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @racquetball54: I hate when they call Social Security an entitlement. The  government doesn't fund Social Security you and your employer…"
eng	negative	"RT @fergie_spuds: Ben Carson's tithing tax system be like #GOPDebates http://t.co/OxohrZbBWz"
eng	negative	""Lying and stealing from American Public has already occurred."  #Christie  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"My favorite part of the #GOPDebates is when the candidates pretend not to be the people they are"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The fundamental problem is @FoxNews and the GOP party #GOPDebates #DebateWIthBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"We need a good and bad egg chute...to weed out these politicians...boos just aren't cutting it. #GOPDebates http://t.co/fon9QIYJeV"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"politics is so boring when you make it all about rich white straight men. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Christy just buried Huckabee not that hard"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Government secured bonds are not IOUs.  If they are, no one better tell China.  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews address #PlannedParenthood and the butcher of babies for profit! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @KellyAnnBraun: OHHHHHHHH F*CK......Bush lies soooo bad.....sorry cussing now----#GOPDebates beating the UNIONS of F*****CCCKKK Noo I kn…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cheeriogrrrl: Obviously @RogerAiles doesn't want @ScottWalker as #President.  Is everyone okay with @FoxNews selecting the #GOP nominee…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"These politicians and former government employees really hate politicians and government. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates If you saved for retirement and paid into social security, you don't get it back because you have 2 much for retirement? Stupid!"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee is a travesty. #GOPDEBATES"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates  I'd like to see this bunch of losers work a construction until they're 70 years old.  #Delusional"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"I hate when they call Social Security an entitlement. The  government doesn't fund Social Security you and your employer do. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"You wouldn't buy a used car from any of these characters. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Joy__Hart: Slash #SS #medicare said, Chris Christie ...... who will never be President #GopDebates #foxdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Huckabee has a look on his face like he'd rather be discussing giving constitutional rights to fetuses.  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"After @GovChristie hugged Obama he doesn't deserve to be on the stage tonight. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @loribuckmajor: It's cute how Chris Christie has the Bob's Big Boy haircut #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Perry just went oops, didn't get that question, while watching his TV at the hotel. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @loribuckmajor: It's cute how Chris Christie has the Bob's Big Boy haircut #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker is delusion AF, yo! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Slash #SS #medicare said, Chris Christie ...... who will never be President #GopDebates #foxdebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Kasich needs more time in the #GOPDebates, honestly.  https://t.co/MygdUrM2KW"
eng	negative	"RT @InfamousPCG77: Here's what they think about you, Ben Carson!!!! THEY DON'T LOVE YOU!!!! #GOPDebates http://t.co/1yQzZzEDNN"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	""I'm he only guy on this stage" has been said by all 10 candidates who are all male...so no you're not the only guy on stage #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates there is no politically correct way to say America is failing with its current leadership. A deadbeat nation with no change."
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Jebby talking changing tax code to fix "job killers".  Is that Jebspeak for give corporations more tax breaks?   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is the #GOPdebates really an oral version of @CAH ?"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Obviously @RogerAiles doesn't want @ScottWalker as #President.  Is everyone okay with @FoxNews selecting the #GOP nominee?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPoli…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: You are now promising free pizza every Friday and no homework ever again! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"Privatize everything. Fuck you Chris Christie. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I could never run for president. "My father was a geophysicist" doesn't resonate with voters #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @itsRodT: This silencing of Ben Carson is just one glimpse into why tokenism doesn't work and just how racial hierarchy operates #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"If politicians would stop raiding the SS/Medicare funds &amp; actual put back what they took out....  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Why did I expect anything from these people? Thats my fault. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Moving on from the #GOPDebates to #Rectify Daniel Holden"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Oh yes please pontificate on social security reform, baby boomers #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jesslstoner: KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"Dear Gov Walker, you have nothing to brag about, you fucked your state of Wisconsin and you suck Koch... #BitchAssPolitician. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"2015 Future RESULTS of tonight's  #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates  #GOPUnfit2LeadOrGovern  #GOPfail  #gopTroglodytes http://t.co/1vuXsNehkw"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jesslstoner: KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @mozgovaya: 10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnisaLiban: #GOPDebates proved that Women in the US are more likely to be assaulted by men (verbally &amp; physically) than any kind of 'te…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Repeal #ObamaCare seems to be a theme here #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hey did Jeb just push Keystone? Not gonna be popular in fracking states. #GOPDebates #likeweneedmoreoil"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Correct me if I'm wrong, but Scott Walker was pretty much universally hated in Wisconsin after he was elected, right? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates dumb, dumb questions. Get on with it."
eng	negative	"RT @jesslstoner: KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"My mom just texted me black lives don't matter and neither does Black Republican lives #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I'm really really really pissed off at FOX News for what they did to @realDonaldTrump #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"10 men on stage discussing one woman. @HillaryClinton #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Hey Jeb Bush, you have nothing to replace ObamaCare with and you give us a break, you fu***ng Asshole. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Someone here just said, "Jeb looks more like a vice-president." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rand Paul has William Shatner's old hairpiece from Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan. #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"When the #GOPDebates pulls out the double candidate box you KNOW shit is about to get real dirty.   And awesome."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"Can't a gal just enjoy watching #GOPdebates without all these "tolerant" people attacking me out of nowhere? Rrright, b/c that's cool...👎👎"
eng	negative	"Bush reminds me of his father and brother its déjà vu or more like really bad whiplash into the past #GOPDebates #PresidentialDebate #2016"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@JebBush makes HUGE promises and claims he can create 19million jobs. 3x what daddy and W did combined. #GOPDebates Please don't lie Jeb."
eng	negative	"Oh dear, Scott Walker is in his fantasy world again.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @hbludman: They'd rather talk about @HillaryClinton than debate the issues. Somewhere Hillary is laughing. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker's campaign promises are simply "aiming high" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@FoxNews Can't stand much more.  If these 10 are the best of the GOP, I love our chances in 2016 #GOPDebates #UniteBIue"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Walker: "The problem is there's too much $ in Washington." Cut to the Koch Bros stuffing bucks into his back pocket. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson's tithing tax system be like #GOPDebates http://t.co/OxohrZbBWz"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tmservo433: Ben Carson: If I was trying to destroy the country I would divide the people. Now lets talk about my anti-lgbt pro war plan…"
eng	negative	"RT @EnzoWestie: Remember, kids. #jebbush is the "smart" brother.  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"Two hours of action movie voiceovers #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush reminds me of elevator music. You hear it but you don't listen. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ah... I feel as if I'm going to be white shamed tomorrow. @pattonoswalt @kevin_nealon @CyrusMMcQueen #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"REAL PEOPLE LIVE IN THOSE COUNTIES GOVERNOR WALKER. #privatesectorArlington #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @hbludman: They'd rather talk about @HillaryClinton than debate the issues. Somewhere Hillary is laughing. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: #DrBenCarson just said he doubts #HillaryClinton will be nominee. Hope he's right. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Kasich is like.....i don't live up to my promises...but people vote for me!  And I am not Barack Obama. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Koch puppet speaking exactly what he's told to say. "Well done David! "Well done Charles!" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tonibirdsong: "It's time we recognize that The Supreme Court is not the Supreme Being." - @GovMikeHuckabee #GOPDebates / 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"Scott Walker. You're also kinda creepy. Cartoon character creepy. It won't happen. @GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"MAKE INSURANCE GO AWAY AND THEN DO SOME OTHER DIFFERENT THING  #JebBush  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BettyFckinWhite: -Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Jebby talking changing tax code to fix "job killers".  Is that Jebspeak for give corporations more tax breaks?   #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This show sucks. I'm going to read a book. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Our present immigration system is a job driver Jebya. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"-Can you answer this very direct question? -I should be president.  -So, no? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Hey Jeb Bush, you have nothing to replace ObamaCare with and you give us a break, you fu***ng Asshole. #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Dr. are you seriously saying that Hillary Clinton is trying to destroy America ? That's ridiculous &amp; and shame on your lies #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Dr. Ben Carson, you, Sir need a labotomy #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates AKA "Why Hilary Clinton sucks""
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates Stop the secular progressive movement! #Carson2016 #ClownCar"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"Jeb bush who??😴😴😴😴😴. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"So, George W got the Texas accent and Jeb got that stammering one? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"None of these candidates seem to realize the IRS doesn't make the tax laws. They just collect the money. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ccabrera83: Rand Paul is Christie's jealous boyfriend. 'You can go hug him if you want' lol #GOPDebates #FoxDebate #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaPainUSA: While Ted Cruz is speaking, all over America parents are tryin' to convince their 5 year olds that vampires aren't real. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush said it perfectly "Hillary, *scoffs* give me a break"  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Dear Dr. Ben Carson, you, Sir need a labotomy #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ccabrera83: Rand Paul is Christie's jealous boyfriend. 'You can go hug him if you want' lol #GOPDebates #FoxDebate #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"One topic the #GOPDebates won't touch tonight: police brutality in the U.S.  Keep slingin' that mud on Hillary fellas"
eng	negative	"It sounds like Jeb was provided his questions before the debate. "This has happened 27 times" like a reflex.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Me "you watching the debates?" Dad "no...." Me "it's on the TV?" Even my dad doesn't want to watch #GOPDebates with me"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: #RickSantorum actually said this in my State of Iowa   #GOPDebates http://t.co/0q5QR8Jm2W"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Jeb looks like his grandfather, Aleister. #GOPDebates #FoxDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @pst_II: Rand Paul comes across as the bad guy in a John Hughes film. #GOPDebates https://t.co/OODBonYfa9"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"And the word of the night Alan is: Stupid. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Bush says Obama didn't fix his brothers mess well enough.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump hits it out of park on @FoxNews gotcha question on campaign donations. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Not only is Carson disqualified, I'm not sure I'd go to him if I had a brain tumor #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: Man, I'm sorry, this has nothing to do w/politics, but #JebBush is totally mediocre here. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul is Christie's jealous boyfriend. 'You can go hug him if you want' lol #GOPDebates #FoxDebate #GOPTBT"
eng	negative	"RT @JaxGotJokes: OMG, like, just pretend as if this was supposed to be a way to determine the next leader of a major world power LOL #GOPDe…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Summary of #GOPDebates: big ol circle jerk shitting on the democrats."
eng	negative	"Thank GOD @FOXTV IS LETTING ME WATCH IT LIVE NOW instead of just watching Twitter! (I will never thank God for FOX again) #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @averykayla: No no you're talking about the Republican Party silly @BenCarson2016 #GOPDebates #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"Jeb is trying to blink the question away. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"It's all fun and games until that somber moment where you realize one of these clowns could actually be the next president #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @tmservo433: Ben Carson: If I was trying to destroy the country I would divide the people. Now lets talk about my anti-lgbt pro war plan…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"Does ANYONE think #BenCarson could repeat that strange #answer?! #Sheesh! #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"The irony.. "Ben Carson on Hillary: "She counts on the fact that people are uninformed...taking advantage of useful idiots." #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Ben Carson: If I was trying to destroy the country I would divide the people. Now lets talk about my anti-lgbt pro war plan #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @jjday10: God, I wish @nerdist was moderating these debates so he could just yell out "POINTS!" when they say something ridiculous. #GOP…"
eng	negative	"RT @jaret2113: I'll bet George W. can drink Jeb under the table...like embarrassingly!!!!! #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: These debates will raise @realDonaldTrump 's ratings because Fox News is afraid of Trump and it shows. #GOPDebate #GOPDeb…"
eng	negative	"Carson says "Epitome of the secular progressive movement" like it's negative...also, your front runner trashes Rosie O'Donnell #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"The black man wants to destroy the country! HE SAID SO HIMSELF! JUST LIKE THE CURRENT BLACK PREZ #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"What is "the Alinsky model, takingadvantage of useful idiots" #GOPDEBATES #BenCarson"
eng	negative	"I love that #BenCarson is clearly so full of shit.  But he thinks no one has figured it out.  He's really cocky about it.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Right now I'm less scared about the requirements to be a candidate and more scared about requirements to be a neurosurgeon #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Go back to Canada Asshole #GopDebates http://t.co/rUgCy5JvZQ"
eng	negative	"Has anyone mentioned #Reagan yet? What kind of #GOPDebates is this?"
eng	negative	"RT @EnzoWestie: Remember, kids. #jebbush is the "smart" brother.  #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"FOX News won't admit who the Republican leader is right now I mean @realDonaldTrump only has a double-digit lead 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Dear Dr. Ben Carson, you, Sir need a labotomy #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"How can a neurosurgeon be so stupid?? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"They'd rather talk about @HillaryClinton than debate the issues. Somewhere Hillary is laughing. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#gopdebates when will people realize ALL politicians suck ASS , dems included"
eng	negative	"How liberating to hit "clear all" on my twitter alerts. Sorry guys, but this shit makes me mental. #GOPDebates #YesAllPoliticians"
eng	negative	"Wow, if you want to feel especially bad about the #GOPDebates, listen with local radio DJ's breaking in for empty-headed comments. #ugh"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"@jbouie He's just getting started.#GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"Do you guys here that? It's Hillary Clinton's cackle. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"No no you're talking about the Republican Party silly @BenCarson2016 #GOPDebates #DebateWithBernie"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @JRenee_A_Go_Go: 10 white guys.✅ 1 black guy. ✅ 1 Hispanic guy. ✅ And they couldn't spare one of the 10 white guys for a woman? #GOPDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @jesslstoner: KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Christie: you're putting America at risk with your fourth amendment talk"
eng	negative	"I'd rather go swim in my pool with my kids than watch the #GOPDebates. I'll get analysis from @TYTNetwork &amp; @majorityfm tomorrow."
eng	negative	"RT @DanielTutt: Dr. Carson got his doctorate in Old Testament taxation. Tithing as tax reform. Really? Really?  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AvidHeather: If Walker, Paul or Huckabee had to meet with Putin or command our armies they'd shit their pants. Not president material. …"
eng	negative	"RT @TeaPainUSA: While Ted Cruz is speaking, all over America parents are tryin' to convince their 5 year olds that vampires aren't real. #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: #WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.c…"
eng	negative	"This was Trump's 4th marriage where he married the love of his life, himself #GOPDebates https://t.co/rh92EnZHlV"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Asimhaneef: Did I hear that right? #DonaldTrump had to pay people to attend a family wedding? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"KASICH'S DAD WAS A MAILMAN BUT HE HATES UNIONS. Which have protected letter carriers for decades. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"Donald Trump and his orchestra. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cheeriogrrrl: The men on this stage think they're capable of making decisions about women's health care,when they don't believe in #sci…"
eng	negative	"@ChrisChristie tried to make out like he wasn't using warrants. #StandWithRand #randpaul #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates @FoxNews they can't talk common core becz none were teachers. Everyone thinks they can be a teacher since they went to school"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"I can't take anything Rand Paul says seriously because of his power perm. #bigperm #GOPDebates #gopdrinkinggame"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#WhereRWomen I'm in #Cairo, where I often rail vs misogyny in politics. And here are men, men, men #GOPDebates http://t.co/PjpKhGmdyO"
eng	negative	"RT @Asimhaneef: Did I hear that right? #DonaldTrump had to pay people to attend a family wedding? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @IStateYourName_: Is *ANYONE* watching this debate *for* Jeb!? &lt;---serious question. Jeb! supporters are like unicorns, I've never seen …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"Why are they so sure Hillary is getting the nod? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"How has no one mentioned the Oompa Loompa moderator? #GOPDebates #youareorange #thiswholethingisridiculous"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"RT @MarkDavis: Man, I'm sorry, this has nothing to do w/politics, but #JebBush is totally mediocre here. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Kelly: "I really want to get to a question from Facebook."  Yes. That's the problem."
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates proved that Women in the US are more likely to be assaulted by men (verbally &amp; physically) than any kind of 'terrorist' attack."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Go back to Canada Asshole #GopDebates http://t.co/rUgCy5JvZQ"
eng	negative	""You know how [Hillary Clinton] will come after you..." ... by making ads that sample from these #GOPDebates?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AvidHeather: If Walker, Paul or Huckabee had to meet with Putin or command our armies they'd shit their pants. Not president material. …"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"I hope people aren't so reality tv exposed that they only love that Paul and Christi raised voices.  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I feel bad for Rand Paul. He lost his cool from the opening question and hasn't recovered #FoxNews #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is making me so hot. Please take away my birth control so I can have your baby. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"RT @Jamesyontrofsky: Jeb Bore...er...Bush is really a perfect GOP candidate. Boring Big Gov junior executive for ALL the Special Interests.…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @MikeBrockett: I love how the candidates are talking all kinds of shit about each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@JebBush2016 You Called PPL ? Families Of The KIA In Iraq You Said #GOPDebates Not My Sister 😡 Your Brother Didn't Even Call 😡"
eng	negative	"I bet Jeb Bush gets really good weed. Just sayin. @GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 #GOPDebates #PresidentialDebate"
eng	negative	"That audience is a little sparse, in it? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @brock_a_r: I wonder which candidate is going to be the first to accidentally call Ben Carson "the help" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @AnnemarieWeers: @PoetinPoeville Did you know there are aprx 700 laws governing women's bodies and not one governing men's? It's true. #…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @EthanObama: Did Trump just admit he gives money in return for business favors? #CitizensUnited #SCOTUS #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @joeynovick: #GOPDebate #DonaldTrump #gopdebates #Jeb2016 #TedCruz2016 #ChrisChristie #Christie2016 this debate is like the movie Hunger…"
eng	negative	"RT @kerrydiaries: Honestly not sure if I'm watching Mean Girls or #GOPDebates ?? Do you even go here??"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @BrandyBeanHinke: As someone who knows a lot of teachers, I don't have any idea what Jeb or Rubio is talking about right now. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Rerun. Hate unions, states rights, damn immigrants, no abortion, privacy is bad, love war, Obama did it. I'm out."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"No I think his number will go down after this. #Trump #GOPDebates  https://t.co/BfcxHd7vs4"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @b140_tweet: Rip MS ANN  .. U would be a welcome advisor tonight... #GOPDEBATES http://t.co/aWyZjjSEwQ"
eng	negative	"Marc Rubio should put the #GOPDebate in his college application for next year. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @DemocracyMatrz: Did Trump just admit to buying influence while at the same time declaring the need for campaign finance reform??? #GOPD…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Can't wait to see @BillMaher tomorrow night.  He'll have a field day with this bullshit.  #GOPDebates #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"Sky News has some biased advisor talking instead of commercial breaks. Really?! #GOPdebates #shutup"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Need to hand it to Fox. They're not tossing the candidate's softballs. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @brock_a_r: I wonder which candidate is going to be the first to accidentally call Ben Carson "the help" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Cruz does not have mass appeal #sorrynotsorry #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"@EdgeofSports Thanks for being a voice of reason in this mess! #GOPDebates Laughs are few this evening, but "canned goods" is gold!"
eng	negative	"RT @NateMJensen: I'm starting to worry that Trump is a field experiment. #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Again, Republicans support free enterprise, but Fox is running too many commercials! #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"The Donald. Your shtick is getting a bit boring. Freshen up or you're done. @GOP #GOPDebate #GOPDebate2016 #GOPDebates #PresidentialDebate"
eng	negative	"Here's what they think about you, Ben Carson!!!! THEY DON'T LOVE YOU!!!! #GOPDebates http://t.co/1yQzZzEDNN"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate #DonaldTrump #gopdebates #Jeb2016 #TedCruz2016 #ChrisChristie #Christie2016 this debate is like the movie Hunger Games!"
eng	negative	"RT @pst_II: Rand Paul comes across as the bad guy in a John Hughes film. #GOPDebates https://t.co/OODBonYfa9"
eng	negative	"@IngrahamAngle  who is winning? Unfortunately it's No one on the stage.  and we all lose. #GOPDebates #WakeUpAmerica"
eng	negative	"RT @whammer1249: "God loves you and he needs money" George Carlin &amp; Ben Carson #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Rubio and Bush are a threat to this country, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates you need to stop the he-said she-said questions"
eng	negative	"GOP keep hurling attacks on teachers and unions. Might be because unions and teachers back the Democrats, and Dems back them. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"I would say after 1 hour - #Jeb is not the winner tonight. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates #JebBush check your stats again on education in #Florida.  You are wrong, wrong, wrong.  Sugar coating plus."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #G…"
eng	negative	"One crash of the economy is way more than we want again, no thanks!!! #GopDebates #JEB"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"Have any of these politicians pimping #CommonCore actually tried to teach that curriculum? Ask any teacher, it's ridiculous! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @brock_a_r: I wonder which candidate is going to be the first to accidentally call Ben Carson "the help" #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kerrydiaries: Honestly not sure if I'm watching Mean Girls or #GOPDebates ?? Do you even go here??"
eng	negative	"RT @Popehat: #GOPDebates Kelly: "I really want to get to a question from Facebook."  Yes. That's the problem."
eng	negative	"RT @letsgetfree13: Megyn Kelly: How would you defeat ISIS in 90 days?  Ted Cruz: With my Green Lantern ring, of course.  #GOPdebates"
eng	negative	"I think Cruz and Trump need to band together and expose this set up job, and get rid of Bush and Rubio, 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @philogaytheist: Is 'political correctness' the new Republican dog-whistle for racism, homophobia and islamophobia all rolled into one? …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Is *ANYONE* watching this debate *for* Jeb!? &lt;---serious question. Jeb! supporters are like unicorns, I've never seen one. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: @BonniesAmerica @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Fox is obviously picking sides and candidates tonight. TRAGIC! #GOPDebat…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Donald Trump: Money talks and bullshit walks, he wants to bribe every elected official in America... FU Trump #GopDeba…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"God, I wish @nerdist was moderating these debates so he could just yell out "POINTS!" when they say something ridiculous. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"gave the #GOPdebates about 5 minutes but flipped back to Donut Showdown because that's what a true American does"
eng	negative	"Jeb Bush's common core initiative is rife with corruption ... #hack #CommonCore #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @b140_tweet: Rip MS ANN  .. U would be a welcome advisor tonight... #GOPDEBATES http://t.co/aWyZjjSEwQ"
eng	negative	"RT @marcylauren: Can't watch  anymore #GOPDEBATES #Horrible #Clownshow #tcot"
eng	negative	"NO MORE BUSHS... FUCK YOU JEB #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cloudypianos: I'm just waiting for them all to accidentally eat each other #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"#GOPdebates Did they just say schools should be local &amp; state run but keep receiving fed money no matter what?"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebates will someone please tell #JebBush that #Education in #Florida is and has been an absolute mess since politicians got involved."
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @neilpX: “@jsc1835: Jeb Bush says that he earned being called Jeb....???   .#GOPDebates” /What an achievement ?!?"
eng	negative	"RT @philogaytheist: Is 'political correctness' the new Republican dog-whistle for racism, homophobia and islamophobia all rolled into one? …"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: .@GovChristie Just got his ass served to him by @RandPaul 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kwrcrow: @FoxNews taking huge cheap shots @realDonaldTrump. #ChrisWallace even asking for help from @marcorubio to pound on #Trump. #GO…"
eng	negative	"Rand Paul comes across as the bad guy in a John Hughes film. #GOPDebates https://t.co/OODBonYfa9"
eng	negative	"RT @jsc1835: Scott Walker: "Everywhere Hillary touched is messed up"   Ironic because  Scott Walker messed up the state of Wisconsin.  #GOP…"
eng	negative	"This debate is to weed out some of these candidates. The way the moderators pivot to specific candidates are examples of this. #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"@BonniesAmerica @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Fox is obviously picking sides and candidates tonight. TRAGIC! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: I am wondering what Fox is up to with THIS debate -- get rid of Trump, Paul, Cruz, Carson? 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"You can't just teach based on the whims of parents!!!!!!! #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"RT @Jamesyontrofsky: Jeb Bore...er...Bush is really a perfect GOP candidate. Boring Big Gov junior executive for ALL the Special Interests.…"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"RT @ericstonestreet: Trump has Cam hands. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Breaking: Brian Williams just handed Chris Christie a donut to calm him down. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @kerrydiaries: Honestly not sure if I'm watching Mean Girls or #GOPDebates ?? Do you even go here??"
eng	negative	"RT @SwinCash: So #GOPDebates got folks like this....hmmm http://t.co/2uCYuplUdO"
eng	negative	"RT @SupermanHotMale: Translation, Jeb Bush, I fucked Florida schools so badly they still have not recovered. That is the truth, I live here…"
eng	negative	"RT @EthanObama: Did Trump just admit he gives money in return for business favors? #CitizensUnited #SCOTUS #gopdebates"
eng	negative	"@JessicaValenti they all need coif reform. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"Wow, Rubio's ear-to-head ratio is all messed up. But Walker's is on point. #GOPDebates #Walker16"
eng	negative	"RT @the818: Let's play "how fast can we distance ourselves from Trump." #GOPDebates #notme"
eng	negative	"RT @PuestoLoco: .@NewDay Cancel the primaries. Fox Party set up &amp; anointed their man Jeb Bush #GOPDebates #ObviousAsHell http://t.co/bgzYsy…"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: The candidates don't have to attack @realDonaldTrump Fox is doing it for them by stoping him from speaking. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebate…"
eng	negative	"#GOPDebate in a nutshell via Vote True Blue 2016 http://t.co/5rfh5zbnPm"
eng	negative	"RT @erinmallorylong: No *I* hate Planned Parenthood and women more! NO I HATE PLANNED PARENTHOOD AND WOMEN MORE!!!!! #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @BrendanKKirby: If @JohnKasich hasn't wrapped up the mailman vote by the end of this debate, he ought to drop out. #GOPdebates #LZDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @monaeltahawy: I'll tell you the one good thing about #GOPDebates: candidates are tripping over themselves to outdo each other in sexism…"
eng	negative	"while pro-life nonsense @ the #GOPDebate was not amusing, the notion that #jizzisaperson, could only come from alpha asshat @GovMikeHuckabee"
eng	negative	"GOP respects life....just not black ones. #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"This is why I don't watch Fox News, they're all assholes #GopDebates"
eng	negative	"People who say they are #prolife are usually anti-social programs... They know that a society is a group of people right?! #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Why should @realDonaldTrump pledge support to the GOP when the establishment sold out to Obama? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"So trans soldiers can die for you Huckabee but you can't foot the bill to make them fulfilled as human beings? Really? #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch Chris Wallace in the face? #GOPDebate  #GOPDebates 🇺🇸"
eng	negative	"RT @RWSurferGirl: Fox is cherry picking the candidates. Jeb gets the softball questions. 🇺🇸 #GOPDebates  #GOPDebates"
eng	negative	"RT @cappy_yarbrough: Love to see men who will never be faced with a pregnancy talk about what I can do with my body ❤️❤️❤️❤️ #GOPDebate"
eng	negative	"RT @JRehling: #GOPDebate Donald Trump says that he doesn't have time for political correctness. How does calling women "fat pigs" save him …"
eng	negative	
eng	negative	"I am in Nashville at wild horse saloon and see you are playing here can't tell you how bummed I am that I'm missing it! #sad "
eng	negative	"I am so sad right now "
eng	negative	"Thank you Lillian, it is very sad for me, but I am excited to see  the #yegfood community evolve &amp; support eachother! "
eng	negative	"I'm am honestly too caring of others &amp; selfless. The sad thing is. I can't do anything bout it. "
eng	negative	"Did I mention that I am sad I have to go back to work tomorrow....but happy I can just do my job for now on..... "
eng	negative	"I am sad. Purdue deserved it. #marchmadness "
eng	negative	"I feel so sick to my stomach. I am so sad. "
eng	negative	"that's just sad I really am mad now!!!!!! "
eng	negative	"oh god last pick. do I take Trumbo because I will be sad if I don't or do I take someone else I don't know I am too neurotic for this shit "
eng	negative	"I am hungry. Wanna cook sup ayam but multi cooker rosak. I have to buy the third multi cooker after this :( Me iz sad. "
eng	negative	"Status API Training Shop Blog About Pricing "
eng	negative	"When I think about #TrayvonMartin I can not help but worry about my own son!  I am so sad and angry right now! Have been all day actually. "
eng	negative	"#iLikePeopleWho makes me laugh when I am sad. "
eng	negative	"Sometimes I just instantly get sad when I realize how blessed I am and I think about homeless people sleeping outside and hungry :( "
eng	negative	"I have zero pics from last night very sad :( but hey I am proud of that hat!! "
eng	negative	"I hear ya.  I tried for a while and am now watching Goldmember. So sad "
eng	negative	"I feel happy, I feel sad. And I don't know who I am.,Its not the way you plan it is how you make it happend. "
eng	negative	"it was so good! But so sad. I cried like a baby!! I am so sad that its ending :( "
eng	negative	"no I am not in NYC these days... I know I am sad as well "
eng	negative	"Why am I suddenly all sad? "
eng	negative	"follows everyone but everyone doesn't follow back now i am sad "
eng	negative	"Reading past convos i had with females, i am so oblivious and CANNOT take a hint. This is sad "
eng	negative	"I am sad that the chief of police has already made up his mind that the shooter was protecting himself. "
eng	negative	"I am on my PC!  The link is not working.  :: sad:: "
eng	negative	"As mad and sad as I am about Mike being killed, it was such a Brilliant example of tragic writing at its best. "
eng	negative	"ohhhh come on ! now im sad. I am the one with really no friends at all. "
eng	negative	"Oh my good!!!! Too much feelings inside and any way to show them... How sad girl am i?? A big one "
eng	negative	"meh i am sad "
eng	negative	"Recently found out blue mountain state is over . . . What am I suppose to watch now #sad "
eng	negative	"seeing you at the same place i am at makes me very sad. sad that you didnt even say ONE FUCKING word to me. "
eng	negative	"I am actually kind of sad that its not flannel weather anymore... #Iloveflannel #bestmaterialever #afterwoolandleather "
eng	negative	"if any of your guys are followed by @diggy_simmons your rlly lucky cus im like trying and i need help cus i am going crazy. ugh i am sad :( "
eng	negative	"i am kinda sad. lol "
eng	negative	"Whenever I am sad, angry, or bored, I eat. "
eng	negative	"Good night all.  I am so sad that Obama made us all slaves today.  Maybe tomorrow will be a better day....peace to us all... "
eng	negative	"my sad had work this am smh happy bday tho uce!! I still owe u an sit "
eng	negative	"I want a dq blizzard. Cheer me up I am sad :( "
eng	negative	"Sad thing is My parents don't really know who I am.. they know me but dont KNOW me. "
eng	negative	"my fucking ear hurts, Im sad asf, Im mad asf. ughhh wtf am i gonna do with myself "
eng	negative	"I don't believe you..fuck ya I am I'm already sad cause I need some alcohol in my system "
eng	negative	"I am so technology incapable, I cannot use tumbler XD it's so sad lol "
eng	negative	"The only way im ever gonna get any flowers is if i buy them myself.....and thats sad. http://t.co/ltINc7x3 "
eng	negative	"i am sad like fucking shit "
eng	negative	"yeah I know :( sad day "
eng	negative	"I like tortured souls, sad as I am!! "
eng	negative	"Well spring break is over in about 1 hour and I am sad:( "
eng	negative	"are you sad the season is ending? ? I am:( "
eng	negative	"Just watched the season finally of jersey shore and i am sad its over :( "
eng	negative	"Is it sad that i am super excited for the new season of Frozen Planet to start Sunday on animal planet.. "
eng	negative	"(Insert sad asshole tweet here) Yea i wanna cuddle and am going to sleep alone right now... Night bitches! #dueces "
eng	negative	"dynastycrisis: http://t.co/Z9wSRHqM "
eng	negative	"When am I going to be able to see him without getting sad.. "
eng	negative	"we r so sad! i am crying in the first 3 mins ;( "
eng	negative	"are you sad that the season is ending!? I know I am! "
eng	negative	"I am very sad to need to set an alarm for the morning. Worst part of getting the boys to school. "
eng	negative	"Kendra &amp; Lexi .. who am i ? "Oh im crying again:( im so sad.. i really did like him:'( wahhh" .... bitch moan bitch moan.. "
eng	negative	"But seriously why am I so sad tonight? "
eng	negative	"When I am sad and mad I pick on my face till I rip flesh off. I need help -_- "
eng	negative	"As sad as I am that you're not part of my life anymore I'm at least glad someone else is still getting the chance to have you in theirs. ... "
eng	negative	"me ?? i am so sad read it T.T sorry :'( RT @lovely_leejoon: @dewii_1205 You mean Rani doesn't like you?I see..(T . T) "
eng	negative	"I'm feeling so sad now... I will no longer be looking forward to #TheWalkingDead every Sunday. What am I going to do? "
eng	negative	"So sad I have 8 AM class tomorrow #wahwah "
eng	negative	"And if I am ever sad I feel like everyone thinks its because of you. "
eng	negative	"I don't remember what this episodes holds!! But you are all so sad, I am worried!! #don'trememberyesterday "
eng	negative	"I am.. its sad.  Like I can't even kill a spidar.. my little cousins do it.. haah "
eng	negative	"realize you fucking twat. I'm not dragging in a sad way. I am actually quite happy! And I wouldn't say I don't care for you. "
eng	negative	"Doing the only thing I know to do when I am sad and depressed, eating cheese "
eng	negative	"O Gawsh please stop, I am over here dying laughin...Sad but, True...! "
eng	negative	"I dont have gf because girls dont fine me attractive &amp; that is why i am sad,negative girls hate the way i look i hate myself "
eng	negative	"I  wanted to go so bad : c I love them so much it's sad am going to miss out :c sigh* "
eng	negative	"You're my hero. you inspire me to do good in life. When i am sad I turn to you. I can relate to all of your songs. I love you. "
eng	negative	""I'm all out of faith, this is how I feel, sad and I am ashamed, lying without tickets on the floor." I will sing this if I dont get tickets "
eng	negative	"Ha!!! This is sad, but so true :) honey I am home!!! "
eng	negative	"I am the #1 fan of #TheWalkingDead  I'm just sad to see Shane be killed but Rick had to do it right. "
eng	negative	"SOUPY MAY NOT BE SAD ANYMORE BUT I SURE AM #fucking #FUCK "
eng	negative	"it's sad how excited I am for breaking dawn part 2 to come out this november #teamedward #inlove "
eng	negative	"I am so sad it's almost over. Glad to see Lynette is gonna fight tho!! #getitgirl "
eng	negative	"When I am sad and think of how amazing my Lord is, it makes me cry tears of happiness. "
eng	negative	"Ha oh shut up, &amp; I am downnnnn!  &amp; are you sad cause soccer season is almost over cause I am :c "
eng	negative	"I hate to see people sad , so I try my best to make em smile , and it seems to work...thats just how I am....So smile :) "
eng	negative	"Actually.... Maybe I still AM that sad.... "
eng	negative	"I am so proud! just sad it had to end how it did. and sad for what I'm gonna have to deal with tomorrow "
eng	negative	"what is going on? everyone is sad now? I am confused-diana "
eng	negative	"I am getting soo tired of all the racism and ignorance going on in the world today! The sad thing is #ItNeverEnds "
eng	negative	"Why am I listening to sad songs? I'm not sad? "
eng	negative	"After playing DDR and jumping rope today I've come to the sad realization that I am seriously out of shape...yikes. "
eng	negative	"Getting sad because I am forever alone. xD "
eng	negative	"I really am just so sad. "
eng	negative	"Haizzzz.....1 more hours...i am leaving JB.....and my cousin are all leaving ad....SAD!!!!!! "
eng	negative	":( its not like i am laying here in bed, not even tired, wishing i had someone to talk too, havent talk to you in days....#SAD "
eng	negative	"Woot! Thanks chica! I feel like I should be graduating this May, I am doing all of the graduation type things and yet am not. SAD "
eng	negative	"Status API Training Shop Blog About Pricing"
